The 1 of Laughter 2 friends and I, always find some way to make each other laugh and have a good time. 2 friends, 2, and 1, are very similar, yet completely different. Both are active, humorous girls. You could almost say they are sisters from how close their personalities match, but it's their appearance that show's otherwise. 2 is tall and skinny, with short, black, curly hair. Her clear skin has a tint of olive green. Her looks make her seem as if she has a deep secret. The mystery is hidden behind her baby blue eyes. 2 other friend, 1, has sunshine glowing from her hair. Each golden curl ends at her belly button. The freckles, that lightly cover her fair skin, only appear on her perky cheeks. Her eyes seem like the deep blue ocean. You can only imagine swimming in such an amazing color of blue. One 1 1, while the sun was setting on a cold 2 1, 2 girls and I decided to learn the 1 4 dance. After a night of practice, I gave up and laid on the full cushion couch, that comfort every part of 2 body. Two hours fly by and the girls got it. They both had each leg steps and every movement just like 1. They were so good that they could have been 1's back-up dancers. After a moment of accomplishment, we realized how ridiculous the idea was and stopped. 1 begged to do the dance once more, but with the camera recording. Minutes after pressuring 2, I started the music and pressed the record button. The girls were doing great, but started forgetting some of the steps. Out of nowhere, both girls, full speed, run into each other. It was silent, except for the music playing. Each of us look at each other and start dieing from laughter. 2, and 1, get up, crying from laughing and apologize to each other. All of this happened with me recording. After settling down, we watched the most amazing home video. Remembering funny moments like this make me realize how thankful I am for 2 friends. It makes me feel good to know that we can all be ourselves together. Without them I would not know what laughter is.
