 There is a difference between right and wrong. Most of us learn from it and most of us don't. We all have a choice either to face of 3 we have done wrong, or just lie about it and get into even more trouble then you already are. Ever wondered when you are about to do something wrong and you don't think first? Well this was one of those times when I wasn't thinking first. I was nine year's old, 1, 1 and I, were playing at the park joking around, playing on the old rusted blue swing set, just having a good time. Nothing much to do at a park but shoot hoop's, run around, go on the monkey bar's that have ton's of bacteria on them, down the drenched slide, and play tag if we had the energy. 1 see's two rusted broke down car's that look like they have been there for centuries. 1 say's out of his dumb brain of his " We should go over there and throw rocks at those car's you guy's." I shack my head, nodding at 1 with a wide grin on my face. 1 say's with zero tolerance for any negatively say's " 1 we shouldn't those car's are owned by somebody. How would you feel if someone idiot kid's came and wrecked your car's?" I think for a second, well he does have a point. I would flip my chicken if some idiot kid's did that to my car. We are all looking at each other thinking 3 to do. Sixteen minutes go by and still nothing. With my idiot brain i say " 2's, do those car's don't belong to anyone? They don't even look like then can move, look's like they have been sitting there sense the dinosaurs were here." 1 walks off and mumbles to him self " 3 idiot kid's I already know they're going to get into trouble." 1 and I look at each other like we just saw a ghost. We finally start heading towards the rusty broken down car's. On the way there with 1's clumsy feet trip's over a piece of wood. Finally get to the two rusty broken down car's, I pick up a rock. I think for a second to ask me is this okay? should I be doing this? Just with pure pressure and the guilty conscience, I threw the rock. One after the other, just kept on throwing rocks, pipes, car parts, logs, and beating it with a gigantic metal pipe. 1 and I leave, now we are exhausted we take a break and look at 3 we have done to those rusty broken down car's. The two car's look like the just been hit with a tornado. 1 and I just start laughing our head's off. We kept on laughing almost until we were about to wet our selves. There was 1 one around and 1 one saw us. At least that's 3 we thought. Was about four day's later and back at the park 1 and I, and 1 sign of 1. About to go home from the park a tall, blond, old, big feet, lady walk's up to us and asks us out of 1 4 " 4 do you to live?" We were just kid's at the time and I say without even thinking one tiny bit " I leave right down the street, it's the second to the last house. I'll show you if you would like?" The lady with big feet reply's " 5 that would be great, thanks." 1 and I start walking home just wondering why did that lady want to know 4 we live? Get around the block and we see that lady's car in front of my house. 1 and I look at each other and I knew 3 he was thinking. 1 was thinking that I'm screwed. The lady with the big feet ended up being the owner of those two rusty broken down car's. I didn't know 3 to say or do. Just the thought going through my mind that was telling me I'm screwed. Never been so grounded and whooped hard in my life. If there are some lesson's of 3 1, 1, and I have learned it would be don't touch anything that is not yours, be respectful of 3 is not yours, treat everything with respect even if it's not yours, and not to be idiot kid's again. This has shown 1, 1 and I right from wrong, telling the truth, face 3 we have done wrong, and think about doing something before your actions get's you in trouble. 
