Fishing trip gone wrong 1 me introduce you to what I will be talking about today, fishing. Fishing has been a big part of 7 life ever since I was born. When I was little I used to go out with 7 dad and brother to go fishing. 7 dad loved to take us to go lake fishing. Ive fished every lake around these parts. When I was five years old I got a brand new 2 3 fishing pole it was so shiny and had a great ball bearing spinning reel. It even had some chrome going up the handle so when the sun hit it just right it would shoot a beams of bright light 18 the ground. Well as I grew older so did 7 fishing pole. The reel didn't turn as well and the chrome didn't shine like it used to. When I turned 1 7 pole was a broken down and just wouldn't work for 7 fishing needs anymore. So 18 the day of 7 tenth birthday 7 family and friends gave me a some money. I told them that I wanted to buy a new 2 3 fishing pole. So after 7 birthday I had acquired one hundred and 1. I thought I was the richest man in the whole wide world. Latter that night 7 dad came up to me and told me that 7 cousins wedding was this 1 and that we might have time after to 15 a little bit of fishing. I went into the garage and packed 7 tackle box with pliers, hooks, spinners and all the fishing gear I would need. After the 7 cousins wedding 7 dad said "6 go fishing." 7 dad and I changed into our fishing clothes and were off but I had remembered that I needed a fishing pole so I asked "8 dad we need to stop at 1 quickly". It turned out that there was a 1 18 the way. We pulled into the 1 parking lot and I went in. I ran over to there sporting goods and found the last 2 3 fishing pole siting 18 the shelf so I got it down and looked it over. This was the pole for me, the only downside was the price that happened to be seventy 1. I bought it anyways. I walked out of the store with 7 new 2 3 fishing pole feeling like I was a million bucks. As we arrived at our fishing spot I noticed that we were not at a lake but a large river. 7 dad explained that I needed to be safe around the river cause you can get swept away if you fall in. I got out of our car and the wind was harsh. It was chilling to the bone. I took out 7 new pole and tackle box and started to setup 7 pole for river fishing. I put 18 one large weight and big hook. I was ready for anything or at least I thought. I then reached down into 7 big red tackle box and pulled out a large worm. "I think the fish will love this." I say aloud to 7 dad. Staring out at the fast flowing water and toss 7 baited fishing line off shore. A big splash of water then ripples, 7 dad and I smile with satisfaction. Right next to me was a branch buried within the embankment. Setting 7 pole down rather softly I look upon 7 dad as he pulls in a fish. Well 18 our walk down to river there was this 13 14 outhouse. Me needing to use the restroom, I turned to 7 right and said to 7 dad "15 not lose 7 fishing pole, I don't want it to going flying into the river if I get a big fish 18." 7 dad reply's "17, 17 just go to the bathroom already." 18 7 walk to the bathroom I didn't see the big 19 that had landed near 7 fishing line. 7 dad saw them getting closer and closer to 7 line so he thought it would be a good idea to scare them away. As soon as I walk out of the bathroom 7 dad goes running and waving his arms at the 19. They all take off into the air, but something was trailing behind one of them weighing it down. What was it you 1 ask? It was 7 brand new fishing pole! It was at least 1 maybe 2 feet in the air. As soon as 7 pole took off flying it started falling. It didn't land 18 shore but it landed in the middle of this big wide river. 7 dad looks at me and says with a smile "That's the first fishing pole that I've ever seen fly." I start laughing uncontrollably then 7 dad starts cracking up. After the laughter was done 7 dad looked 18 shore for something to pull 7 pole in with but to 7 surprise he found it 18 shore down river.Will 20
