 It all started one 1 after school, when my girlfriend and I decided to make a plan to go to my house. We were not planning to walk home, we missed the bus. 6 we began to walk down the ramp from the high school. While we were walking we got hungry. 6 we went to the 1. We ordered a 1 and some drinks. 1 decided to shake up my soda 13 hand it to me. Me not knowing what's up 6 I asked, "2 you shake up my soda?" 3 said, "4 I 2 here's mine, let's trade." I 2 and ended up opening the one 3 shook for real. " That was a lil devious!" I said. 6 when I stood up to chase her and poor soda on her, I tripped and fell on some goat heads. While I was in pain, 1 was cracking up with laughter 13 said, "5 6 stupid, who falls over a stump!" 6 I got up from the ground and pulled all of the thorns out, 13 continued to walk home. We were already more than half way to my house, when 1 decided to hit me in the shin and run. Of course not learning my lesson the first time, I chased her. I chased her for about a block and a half. Basically to my yard before I slid on mud, and 13 fell in a puddle of water. I thought I was going to loose it when 1 was laughing too dramaticly. Out of 14 were, I jumped up and was going to put her face in it. 3 ended up running inside my house, and locking the door. The reason I knew 3 2 lock it, was because I ran 6 fast to bust in. before I 2 I turned the knob, but it didn't open though. Instead the impact forced me to fly back, and land on poop. The bad part was that it was fresh, why, well because my back was warm in a certain spot. I quickly took off my shirt and threw it away, 13 headed inside to shower. 1 asked me why I was going to shower, but I decided to lie to her. 12 I told her what really happen, 13 3 will laugh and make fun of me. After I was done showering I asked 1, "7 you want to go shoot some glass bottles in the back?" 3 replied, "9 I'm down let's go!" 6 I set up six bottles and was ready to shoot. First 1 tried and hit four out of six. That's pretty good for being a girl. 6 I went to replace the four bottle 3 shot. As I was doing 6 3 shot me in the butt."11!" I yelled and wanted to cry, but I didn't. The only thing I 2 was swore like 14 other, and aimed my gun to 1 to get her back. 3 was quick to run upstairs and grab my 1. 3 said with a freaked out voice, "12 you come any closer I'll throw this out the window!" 13 I said to her, "14 you won't, you know how much I paid for that!" 15 my luck shot her in the leg. Well turns out 3 wasn't lieing bout throwing it out the window. It was ok though, because I could get another one. That 1 with 1 was great, but 3 laughed at me most of the time. I didn't care, whatever makes her happy. I really 7 like making her smile. I delt with a lot of pain that day, and lost a shirt with poop. It's all good though, it's going to be a great memory when we look back on this day. 
