     A 1 2 I once heard "laughter is the best medicine." I believe that is true. I could laugh all day long, finding anything 9 everything funny in 3 world. Laughter is important to me, without it, life would be boring. Sometimes Laughter is good 9 comes from the heart. Other times it can be cruel 9 mean. I like to avoid the cruel 9 mean laughter, 9 just stick to the good laughter. When one of my friends is laughing 9 smiling, it makes me want to know 10 they're laughing about, so I can laugh too. Birthdays are fun, laughing usually comes with fun. I remember my twelfth 2, I decided to have a party at my house. I wanted it to be very special so I invited my closest friends, 9 my cousins. Family always makes everything special. My cousin 9 I are pretty close, she was born nine months after me, so we are both the same age for a little while. We always have a good time, both of us acting crazy 9 always laughing. For my party my mom made rainbow sherbert punch, it was delicious. Everyone had fun, 9 soon the party was over, but, my cousins were not leaving until the next day so we continued the party. I was in the kitchen getting more punch, my cousin came in 9 wanted some more too. I poured both of us a glass. "3 is so good!" my cousin 1 said. "I know that's why I had my mom make it" " 4 you wanna hear a joke?" "5." 1 said. "6, 7 once was a kid named butt itches, he was really sick 9 one day died, his mom cried to the doctor,"8 my poor butt itches!" "9 12, 4 you wanna know 10 the doctor said?" "10?" 11 1. "12 itch it!" 1 had just took a drink of punch when I said 3. She spit the punch out of her mouth while laughing, it got all over me. Usually when someone spits, or spills something on you, you get mad. I started cracking up laughing, 9 so did she. "8 my gosh! That's so gross." "1 9 I could not stop laughing. The joke was not that funny, it was the punch all over me 9 the kitchen. We laughed for at least fifteen minutes before even realizing that both our moms were standing in the kitchen. They were just staring at us wondering 10 in the world had happened. You would think that getting punch spitted at your face, on your 2, would make you mad. 3 is why laughter makes ordinary days special. In my case laughter was the shortest distance between 1 9 I. It would have to be short for her to get that much punch on me. Laughter made 3 2 extra special, because I will never forget my twelfth 2.
