 Laughter is important in all relationships of any kind. If you have a friendship where you never laugh and nothing is ever funny, what is the point? I have four friends that mean the world to me. 2, 3, 2, and 1. 1's real name is 1 but we all call her 1 because how she acts. 2 and I use to do almost everything together. We were inseperable, we went to school together, we even ate our meals talking to eachother. 2 and I can make eachother laugh no matter what the situation 1 be. I remember when 2 and I hadn't been getting along like we usually do. One day at around nine p.m. my phone rings, it was 2 I didn't know whether or not to pick up or to just pretend to be busy so the two of us didn't argue. Well I decided to pick up because it was the friendly thing to do and I knew that she would have been there for me. There was obviously a reason she called me, right? As I was about to say hello I could hear 1 crying. I panicked, 2 was not one to just cry because of something little. I asked her what was wrong and told her to tell me all about it even though we were fighting I wanted to be there for her no matter what because she was always there for me. The 1 before it had been 1 1, our whole posse or whatever you wanted to call it went together and everything had seemed fine except the usual pointless arguements that always ended in a laugh. Little did we know that the past two weeks 2's 3 had been "house sitting" he hadn't planned on returning home to his family. As i listen to 2 tell me the news and how hurt she was, my heart sank. While she cried I cried. Her 3, broke the news to her 1 1 after we left for 1. He will not be returning home because he hasn't been happy there for awhile and he wanted a divorce. I knew exactly how 2 felt, my parents got divorced when I was very young. Although it didn't tear me apart like it did her it still effected me. Not having a real family with one home and two parents who were married and inlove was never easy on anyone. 2 had not the slightest idea that her 3 would later get married and start a family with a woman he had been seeing for over a year while coming home to his family. She just kept telling me that she had to bring him home, that she couldn't do this. 2 and her 3 were really close, she was daddy's girl one hundred percent. I remember her telling me that she just wanted to disappear it was all her fault. All I could do as her friend was listen and tell her it would be okay. 2 began to calm down and grasp the fact that things happen and she couldn't change her 3's mind. I invited 2 over for the 1 to just hangout and maybe get thigns off her mind for awhile. It couldn't be easy sitting in her home with her 3 gone knowing he wasn't coming back. So 2 came over, we played guitar hero and everytime I messed up she would laugh. Hearing 2 laugh again made me feel better about things because I knew that she had figured out it was not her fault for her 3 leaving. Without the laughter in that room I'm not sure me and 2 would have been able to ever be good friends again. Afterall laughing at me messing up on guitar hero brought me and her back to being good friends again. So it's very important to have laughter in a relationship because once the laughter is gone then the friendship or whatever you know is going dowhill. Now 2 and I talk for endless hours or text about anythign and everything and when we aren't laughing we know to ask one another what is wrong.
