  Laughter means a lot in a relationship in 4 opinion. Laughter can mean a few things. It can mean that you are having fun and that you're enjoying life. All of 4 friendships and relationships contain laughter. Half of the time we laugh, the other half we express ourselves. Laughter could also mean the beginning or ending of a relationship. A lot of people would think that laughter is a joyful reaction, but sometimes a person could be laughing because they are nervous. But I think what we are talking about here is the joyful kind. All of 4 friendships contain laughter, but they also contain the moments when someone needs to be listened to or heard. One of 4 friendships that contains a lot of laughter is with 4 friend 3. Ever since the day that I first met her, we've laughed a lot. Usually, its 3 being the joker and me being the audience along with a few other people. But, there are also moments that don't have laughing involved. Moments, when 3 can be a great listener.  Making jokes and giggling can show how close you are to someone. Like 4 friend 2 and I. She's one of 4 closest friends. We share everything with each other, well at least almost everything. We tell each other whats going on in our families and all that good stuff. But there are so many moments that are just filled with laughing, giggling and making up jokes about 5 knows what. Whether its twisted in some weird way or even when it doesn't make sense we still laugh about it. It doesn't matter how stupid I 1 act around her, we always laugh it off and make fun of each other. Not in a bad way.  Usually, when people fall down, they feel embarrassed or scared of what everyone else would say. There was a time that I was sitting on 4 friend, 4's skateboard, just sitting and rolling up and down the sidewalk, when I came upon a bump. I'm pretty sure you could guess what happens next. I flew off the skateboard and landed on 4 butt on the cement. I sat there for a second and just stared. Shocked that I had flew off of a skateboard while just sitting down. Pretty disappointing. But the next thing I knew, I was laughing, like it didn't even matter that I had just landed on 4 butt, infront of one of 4 friends. 4 was laughing too. I didn't mind. 4 didn't even tease me about it. Laughing can shrug things off your shoulders helping you turn it into a joke. That's what I did.  4 relationship with 4 1 is full of jokes. 4 1 is the type of guy 5 just loves to tell jokes and/or act like some historical figure to confuse people. When I answer the phone half of the time 4 1 tries to see if I'll fall for one of his little tricks. One time, he tried saying that he was 1 and that he invented all these different electrical items. I shook 4 head was like, "1, you're not very good at acting." 2 he said, "I'm not your 1. this is seriously 1." I laughed and said "1 is dead. How could he be talking to me over the phone when he's dead, 1? I know it's you." 4 1 laughed, "5 told you I was dead? Obviously, I'm still here, little lady." I smiled, "6 huh. Sure. And I'm not a little lady." "7 fine, I give up. You can't get a joke, can you?" , he said. I frowned, "Of course I can what are you talking about, 1? It's just you're not very good at acting." "7 sure, blame it on me." , he laughed, "where's your mother?" That's when the joke ended of course, but 4 1 and I actually have a strong relationship. He's 4 adopted 1, in case that hasn't been mentioned. So, when I first met him, we weren't as close as you could probably guess. But after a year, we got closer and I learned that I could trust him. And that half of what he says is basically a joke. Sometimes, I wonder if he ever knows how to be serious, so he doesn't confuse people, for example, me.  For me, relationships should always have laughter otherwise it just makes it all serious. Making it very hard to stay close, in 4 opinion. And me, myself, I like laughing and having close friends. Because when I'm feeling down, it's always nice to have someone there to make you smile and laugh. It's a great quality to be able to laugh and help people. Without laughter in the world, like I said before the world would be too serious, way too serious. 5 would want that? I wouldn't. That would be terrible. When people laugh, it makes the world a better place to live in, in 4 opinion. Laughing is a gift, a very special gift.
