 For me laughter makes the world go round. It is much needed to keep the world light and filled with a seance of happiness. You will hardly come across me with out a big old smile plastered across my face. There is so many stores to choose from but 1 one will be the most fun to tell i think. It still makes me giggle just thinking about that 1. I was going on a trip with my last boyfriend, 1, down to 1 for the forth of 1. They have a big forth of 1 walk and i was lucky to get to tag along with him and his mom. We wear staying with good friends of his mom 1 and 2. There house was stunningly amazing, beaut full wood floors, big open living room that combined with the kitchen and dining room, vaulted ceilings, and a big stunning window that framed crisp 3. 4. Even with the house being so great my favorite part wear the rail rode tracks. Not more than a quarter of a mile through a little trail surrounded with woods wear two sets of tracks stretching out in both directions 5 far 5 the eye could see. My favorite part of the hole trip wear those tracks. It was the second 1 of our stay in 1 around 1 o clock. 1 and i when for a walk in the refreshing 1. We could hardly see and wear holding on tight to each other to try and keep balance. Smiling and giggling we finally stumbled out of the very well hidden trail entrance on to the tracks. Hand in hand we started to walk down the tracks just enjoying each others presents. In 4 the stars are the most stunning i have ever seen. I'm not sure why but the sky just seems to open up and look two times bigger than it relay is. 1 1 was perfect for star gazing with out a cloud in sight. So we decided to lay down between the tracks and look at the stars. There we cuddled together for a good 2 minuets. Then 1 looked up. I gave him a puzzled expression then i followed his gaze to see what had aroused him. Far in the distance was a light. Slowly advancing t words use. Sure-a-nuff it was a train at 1 o clock at 1. Looking back at each other we both laughed at the pure surprise of a train at 1. 5 the train advanced we jumped up and off the tracks to wait for it to pass so we could resume our spot. The train was going way slower than i was expecting. No more than 4 to 5 mile per hour. 1's eyes lit up with an idea and not thinking he said "We should jump it!" 5 soon 5 the words left his mouth he regretted saying them. I thought it was a great idea! But he tried desperately to convince me not to do it. I headed twords the track telling him to live a little and lets have some fun. I had never jumped a train before but from the looks of it 1 train was perfect to try it out on. There wear long flat bead cars with handy little latters on each one. I garbed for one and jumped on right before 1 could stop me. He finally gave in and jumped on the next one. We wear both smiling and having a great 1 when we jumped off and met in a hug. Then the train stopped. We froze. Then a light started coming our way. Freaking out, for sure thinking we would get in trouble i sprinted for the trail head with 1 close on my heals. I could not find the trail and the light was getting closer so we both jumped full speed straight in to a big bunch of bushes. There we stayed perfectly still tell the light passed us and the train began to rezoom its pace. I met 1's big fat smile and we both just rolled over laughing not being able to help ourselves. What wear the chances of going out for a simple walk and all 1 happening. Still smiling hugely 1 leans over to me and gave me a perfect kiss. That was one of my best nights ever. 1 is just an example of how smiling and laughter was a big part of 1's and I in our relationship. Love, friends, and laughter is the reason life is worth living. 
