 A while back my mom had decided to send me to 3 camp. When I heard this I was pretty upset, 1 I wouldn't know anyone there. Before camp started I did all I could to let my mom not let me go. After a while of that I knew I wouldn't get my way, and before I knew it I was off to camp. When I got to the place that was taking us to camp, there wasn't a lot of people there. When I got to the camp I was wrong, there was a lot of people that I didn't know. It was extremely scary, but it was to late to go home now. Walking to my cabin was nerve racking, 1 I didn't know who would be in my cabin. Meeting the girls in my cabin was awkward, mainly 1 we didn't know each other and secondly our counselor was so weird. Right after meeting each other our counselor made all of us play a game of 2. Playing 2 at first with strangers was strange, but after a while we started laughing. We played and laughed for hours and hours, until it was time for lunch. Lunch with the girls was not so scary since we had so muh fun playing 2, but we still didn't really know each other. When lunch was over the first thing we did was play 2, the more we laughed and had fun the more and more we started to get to know each other. All 1 we played the silly little game of 2, and just giggled and laughed. 2 came along the second 1 of camp and all of us had almost become friend by just laughing and playing 2. We played it so much the first 1 that we just called it "6 2" instead of 2. Like other things we got tired of 2 and went our separate ways for free time. Everyone agreed that free time that 1 was so boring so we played 2 again. Laughing and laughing till our stomachs hurt from laughing so hard, that I think was the 1 all of us really became friends. We had become thick as thieves in just a couple of days, we did everything together. We talked,we swam, we played tennis, and most importantly we laughed together. Camp was not what I expected it to be, it was way better. All the girls in my cabin had become friends so fast that it was strange to other people,not realy but it was kind of weird to become best friends in just a couple of days. Camp was flying by for us and before we all knew it it was almost the 1. Things were so good, until one of us got sick. I was the one who ended up sick, it was horrible I stayed in bed all 1 missing everything that was going on. Even worse I had almost lost my voice, laying in bed without laughing with my friends and having fun was just torture. 4 the 1 of camp was fastly approaching, and all I could do was stay in bed. 4 was there, but it was a relief when I could talk again. The rest of the 1 1 of camp I could be out of bed and enjoying camp. When 1 time was ending and evening was arriving, we had our cabin party. Our party was so much fun, even though we had to stay inside our cabin. We ate all of our treats we saved from the concession stand, and all of the treats our counselor brought. It was almost 1 so we had to go to bed soon, 1 we where leaving in the 2. There was one 1 thing we had to do, and it was one 1 game of 2. We played for about in hour, 1 another counselor had to come tell us to be quiet. Looking back at my first year of camp, I always remember how all of us became friends. We still talk about it every year at camp, and we do still play 2. That year at camp I think is one at my favorite memories, 1 we all became friends by just playing 2 and laughing together.
