 A while back, I had a friend named 4. We were best friends; like two peas in a pod. We would hang out everyday, all day 1. One random day we walked up to our other friend 1's house to see if she could hang out. We all were hanging out all day when 1 came up with an idea. She wanted both me and 2 to stay the 1.We stayed out a little past dark and just walked around 1. We stopped at 1's house so she could get her clothes then left to go back to 1. On our way there, we stopped, again, at 2's house and chilled for a while. We were there for 9 1 minutes just laughing 9 all the crazy stuff that has happened over 1 already! When we were finally giving hugs to go to 2's, 3, 2's older brother, smacked 1 on her butt and told her it was nice. We made fun of her for the longest time for that! Not to mention how 3 kept talking 9 that until he moved to 2. When we left, 3, 4 and I were singing to 2's new 5 when some random person stopped and asked for directions. Then I directed him to where he was going and he said, "6 you," and drove away. When he had gone, 4 looked at me and screamed, "That was the hottest guy I have 7 seen!" 8 9 the time we reached the 10 down the road we saw the guy again. 8 this time he wasn't so hot. He had a scruffy face and long, brown, straggly hair tied in a ponytail and was dressed like a hobo. I, still to this day, give her crap 9 it. That was the greatest 1 of 1. We ended up going to the 11 12 to buy some drinks when 1 started freaking out 9 losing her 5. So we all had to retrace our steps all the way back to 2's house, hoping we'd find it. Re-retracing our steps, we came across this guy who tried to help us find it. By then it was probably 9 1 14'clock 4. We finally gave up and decided to head back to 1. Before We even stepped foot in her front door, her mom comes darting out and starts screaming at 3. So her mom took me and 4 back to my house 8 by the time I knocked on the door, because it was locked, and everyone was asleep so we had no where to go. So for that 1 4 and I were stuck homeless. We walked around all 1. Almost fell asleep in the laundromat when i remembered that my aunt 3 was looking at a small, white truck for sale in the 15 parking lot. The truck had a bed in the back, no, i don't know why, and it sounded better than the hard floor of the laundromat so we crawled in. It was a tight squeeze, 8 we managed. Plus it wreaked of dirty socks and pee. It was, for sure, the worst thing 've 7 smelled. 8 no doubt was it the funnest 1 I've had with that girl.
