 The bus flew around tightly wound corners. Beyond the windows, farmland, rocky bluffs, and peaceful rivers streamed past. Exhausted from the fourteen hour flight, I barely knew what time it was. The only things keeping me awake were the jolting of the bus and 1 other 1 I barely knew gossiping quietly. We were going to visit and live with a group high school students, affectionately referred to as "our 2." I had met 16 partner, 1, only once. Everything I knew about her, her life, her family I learned from maybe ten, maybe 2 short 3 messages. Communication was going to be problematic. 16 mother started teaching me 4 when I turned two, but I was nowhere near fluent; I was self-conscience and uncomfortable around native speakers. 1's 5 was decent, but her family spoke only 4. Finally, the bus drove down the narrow cobbled streets of 7. It pulled up to a plaza packed with people. The doors hissed open, and we filed out into the crowd, standing on tiptoes to search for our new families. All around me, people chattered in a mix of 4 and 5. 1 and her parents waited somewhere in the middle, and I slowly wove 16 way towards them. Brigitte, 16 host mother, grabbed me in a hug. "10 gehts? 10 war dein 2? How 18 you? How was your flight?" 11 of 16 4, I faltered, "13 2 war sehr langalso ich bin ein bisschen muede. The flight was very long, so I'm a little tired." 1 took 16 arm and led me uphill towards the school, where our welcome dinner was being held. She explained, "14 is very excited to meet you. 7 is so small; we never get tourists. We only get 15 exchange students every other year." 16 stomach was filled with that jittery-sick feeling of nervous anticipation. Normally, making friends was easy for me, but this time was different. I only minimally understood the language and culture of the people surrounding me. The long flight was evident in the sleepless bags under 16 eyes and 16 greasy, knotted hair. 16 jet-lagged brain wondered how I would get along with these people. Would I fit in, be able to slip into 4 life without many hitches or snags? We passed from the antiquated street to a dusky tunnel-like entryway. After a few turns, we emerged into an open courtyard. An array of food covered several tables, and the scent of grilling bratwurst wafted through the air. "18 you hungry? You should have something to eat. We have so much food here," 1 told me. I grabbed a plate and placed a roll, strawberries, and a sausage on it; I was too anxious to really be hungry. 1 steered me towards a worn table with wooden benches, where her friends were already enjoying dinner and a few beers. She introduced me, and I perched stiffly on the edge of the seat. 14 talked excitedly, questioning me about 15 life. As 14 loosened up, they began to joke, sometimes in 4, sometimes in 5. Some of the 2 teased me about 16 accent. It wasn't a mean teasing; they weren't trying to be malicious, just light and funny. So I laughed. In that moment, I seemed to fit better with these people I only sometimes understood. I was less a foreigner and more a new friend. Relaxing, I allowed myself to laugh at 16 mistakes and really enjoy being someplace entirely new.
