 3 has always been my place of choice to travel to whenever my parents question me of where I would like to go during the 1. The rolling green hills, stunning sunsets, and thrilling thunderstorms are certainly a large part for my reason to go, but the idea of seeing my 7's side of the family again overpowers all of my other reasons. The core of my 3 family has always been my 1 2; with her friendly smile, caring personality, and a sharp sense of humor, she makes friends and acquaintances wherever she goes. Yet, due to the fact that we live hundreds of miles apart, I'm only able to see 1 2 three times each year: my family drives up to her house twice every 1, and she drives down to my grandparent's house for a few weeks in the 2. I cherish every moment I spend with her, especially when she accidentally makes a fool of herself and causes hysterics. A few summers ago, 1 2, my 7, and I traveled up to 2 to check out some of the town's antique and flower shops before dinner. We had spent a few hours driving around town, scoping out all of these shops to raid them of any gems that either 7 or 1 2 must have for their already old-fashioned homes. I had lost interest after the first few hours; antique shopping was never a passion of mine, and I was ready to take the one hour trip back to 1 to go swimming with my cousins.  Once 7 and 1 2 had spent most of their money on a couple of "treasures" a few hours later, we were exhausted and prepared to head home when we happened upon a pizza shop down the main street. Our mouths watered at the thought of eating a slice, but rather than going inside to eat, we ordered a pizza to take home and bake instead. In her white 2 pick-up, my 1 pulled into the shop's parking lot, leaving 7 and I inside while she grabbed the pizza. Upon her return a few minutes later, the aroma of the pizza wafted through the cab, making our mouths water and our desire to get home to grow exponentially. 1 2 placed the pizza in the back seat, grabbed her coffee, and revved up the engine. We were all lost in our own thoughts about sneaking a slice of pizza when suddenly the front tires of the pick up dipped down and thumped onto the road. 1 2 nearly dropped her hot coffee all over her lap, while 7 panicked and grabbed the handle on the door in reflex. We were all flabbergasted, stunned as little kids trying to grasp that the 1 didn't exist. Moments after the initial panic, we realized that 1 2 had accidentally driven over the curb. We burst into laughter while poor 1 2 had a red-rose face and an apologetic smile wider than the 3. She cautiously drove with the traffic, laughing hysterically with tears in her sea blue eyes along with 7 and I. Our hysteria episode lasted for a few minutes, in which time 1 2 had pulled into a vacant parking lot; none of us wanted another unplanned adventure on the road. I wiped the tears from my eyes, trying to stifle the laughter and recompose myself. 7 was still giggling and wiping the mascara off her face. 1 2 was doing the same, and then turned around to look at me. She locked her bright eyes with mine and smiled as sweetly as only she could, and we burst into more hysterics. After 28 next small hysterical episode was over, we were finally able to pull back onto the street with the rest of civilization. As 1 2 pulled out cautiously, I burst out, "27 not to run over anymore curbs!" 28 drew up another round of laughter. 1 2 has always been there for me, through the laughter and the tears. Because we are family, we have a natural bond between each other. Yet without laughter, 28 bond would not be nearly as close and glued together as it currently is. Hundreds of miles of farmland and open road separates us. The occasional phone calls and e-mails are all we have to communicate between each other. My 1 is the most caring, humorous, and loving person I have ever encountered, and I unfortunately don't get to spend as much time with her as I would like. But every time I see her, I smile and think of the comical stories we have between each other. Without the humor and laughter we share, our bond would not be as close as it is, and we would both be clueless to our current world of joy.
