 A lot of people always say that a sense of humor is very important when looking for a significant other, or even a friend. 4 some people don't realize 1 how much laughter can bring people together! I know now that all it takes is for two people to laugh together to become great friends. My best friends, 1 and 2 became my friends by doing 1 that. All my life I've gone to small schools with my aunt, 1. We are only two years apart so we usually can stay within the same 1, so I never feel alone. 4 2 ended up going to a different 1 1 than me. I would have to face 1 on my own. My freshman year of 1 1, I was pretty nervous. It was my first time at a huge 1, I had 1 moved and I didn't know anyone, so I was pretty shy. I made my first friend pretty easily during one of my classes; 3. 4, the teacher, wanted us to have partners, so that we could do a certain exercise together. 2 and I both chose each other for some reason, I don't know how, 4 we were drawn to each other. 4 told us we would be doing the "mirror exercise". We picked somebody to be the mover, and somebody to be the mirror. 2 ended up being the mover. I had to follow her movements exactly so that 4 wouldn't be able to tell who the mirror was, 4 when 2 started acting like a monkey, we both laughed and 4 even laughed too. During lunch, 2 introduced me to her friend, 1. 2 claimed to have known her for several years. 1 and I smiled at each other, 4 we didn't really talk at all. By the time my last class of the day came around, I was ready to go home, 5 because it was a 6 class, I never really liked 6. I came to find that I shared that class with <1!</7> 8 we met already, and shared 2 as a friend, we sat by each other. We still didn't have much to say though. A few days went by and we still didn't really talk, we 1 awkwardly sat next to one another. Meanwhile, 2 and I became closer friends, acting out silly skits together in 3 class laughter was bringing us together, 4 I didn't really notice, because it wasn't any different then how I've made most of my friends. One day, we had testing in our 6 class, we had to go to the computer lab. 1 and I chose computers next to each other, we started our tests silently, same as always. Then, suddenly 2 turned to me and asked me if I had ever heard the "11 12". When I, very startled, replied no, 2 sang it for me, right there in the middle of the computer lab. When 2 finished we both started laughing so hard that it hurt. Our teacher warned us to be quiet, and we got back to testing with smiles on our faces. After that moment, everything changed! Like magic, 1 and I started talking and joking all the time! 2 noticed the change, 2 was glad we were getting along so well, 4 wondered what caused the sudden difference. To this day, 1 and I share laughs whenever we have the time for it. Even though I am busy with babysitting, 1, and my job. While 2 goes to college, nothing can stop the connection we made that day, through the power of laughter! I have learned that laughter is a top basis for any relationship. 4 it is not the only one. You also need to have trust. If you can't trust some one, 4 they are humorous, that doesn't make them a good friend. You also need a sense of safety. If your friends are encouraging you to do something that makes you feel uncomfortable, they aren't very good friends. I know that 1 and 2 are the best friends I will ever have. Laughter brought us together and I know it will keep us together for generations to come!
