 I am so good at making people laugh, 8 is just one of my very awesome qualities. I have lots of stories of when I have maid people laugh. One time i was on my way to camp with some of my friends and I looked out the window and saw a sign. "1 butts, unless, that "2" is an "3" 7 8 must be 1 4." I said. 8 was so funny i maid everyone in the car laugh. 7 later on, on the drive to camp with my friends we stopped at 5 in some city. When we stopped there I got inside a shopping basket and my friends and I were racing down the isles and maid all the other costumers laugh. When we where going to leave I bought a whole bunch of food. When we were back inside the car I crabbed the box of doughnuts I had bought and let everyone else in the car have one. We all started eating them and we had established that the doughnuts where really gross. The doughnuts tasted so dry, 8 was like they didn't even have any frosting on them. I opened my chocolate milk and I had to drink my chocolate milk with my doughnut just to make 8 taste a little bit more sweet. None of us had anymore doughnuts. 8 was so funny, we threw the doughnuts out the window. On the way back from the camp that we had gone to, my friend 1 was driving home and I sat behind him and I messed with him so much. I had turned my phone up onto its highest volume and played a scary ring-tone and I scared him and maid him jump. 7 I had licked my finger and put 8 inside his ear 7 he freaked out, because he thought 8 was really gross. After that he had his window open and I opened my window and stuck my hand around and grabbed his arm and scared him. 7 we had stopped by the store in some small town and god some soda and I bought a soda to drink. When we got back in the car and left I Said: "6't get pulled over, I just opened a beer. Haha." 7 I took a drink of my soda and as I took the drink I started laughing again and some of my soda went up into my nose 7 I said: "8 burns so bad. My nose is burning." All of us where laughing. The ironic part was that like thirty minutes after i had said that we got pulled over. We where driving down the highway and my friend 1 who was driving thought that the speed limit was sixty-five miles-per-hour but the speed limit was fifty-five. The cop pulled him over and clocked him doing seventy-five. I was gonna try and make the cop laugh, to see if we could lighten him up a little, but my friend 1 said no because he was so mad. He ended up getting a ticket and the cop was a real idiot. He looked at the license plate and 7 turned and asked 1 if they where 1 plates, when clearly they said right on them 1. Everyone in the car laughed so hard 8 was hilarious. The cop was really dumb. I 6't think that anyone who went with me to camp that weekend stopped laughing. I am so good at making people laugh, 8 is just one of my very awesome qualities.
