Library 1 2 past 1 instead of sitting at home doing nothing, I decided to get a volunteer job at the library. Some 1 say that a library is not a funny place but to my best friend 1 and I it was full of numerous and humerous adventures. There was the time with the creepy, stalker guy whom we like to call 3 4, the time that we decided to be super spies, and the different people who decided that we were to loud and weren't to nice about telling us. We worked hard in that library but who says you can't laugh a little on the job? 3 4, by definition it means he is some one who likes to 3, but 2 guy was just to funny. One day 1 and I had just got done working and we were waiting for her grandma to pick us up, when some strange guy sits down and starts staring at 1 like he knew her. He then preceded to ask us countless questions like, "6 your names?" and "7 you guys have boyfriends?". Being me I didn't say a word and let 1 talk the whole time. He also kept telling us how beautiful we were, which made us laugh even harder because 2 situation just kept getting weirder and weirder. Since his nickname is 3 4 you can only guess 6 he asked us next. Oh yes he asked us if we wanted to start a 3 line in the middle of the library. Thankfully 1's grandma showed up just in time to save us and we only saw the 3 4 once or twice after that because he moved away shortly after 2 encounter. Being a spy was one of the most hardest and funniest things that 1 and I ever did at the library. It all started when we noticed 2 cute guy sitting all by himself at a table that we could clearly see through some book shelves not that far away. Being the adventurous type I talked 1 into letting me use her iPhone to take pictures of 2 guy without him knowing. Now some people would think that that was kind of like a stalker, I just saw as a chance to brush up on my spy skills. After successfully getting a couple of pictures undetected, I decided to get just one more before we went back to the other side of the library to see 6 we had. I was just about to take the picture when I locked eyes with the guy who was not supposed to see me. We then had to abort the mission and crawl all the way to the other side of the library so he wasn't able to see us again, so that he couldn't confront us about why we were taking pictures of him. The funny thing is the pictures were not that good and that just shows how bad of a spy we actually were. Normally libraries are quiet, right? Well 1 and I had a little problem with people wanting the library to be to quiet. On one such occasion a nice looking middle aged women was doing some homework at a table not to far away form where we were sitting. We were watching some videos on 1's iPhone and we had the speakers on low. 2 lady told us very rudely that she wanted is to move somewhere else if we were going to have the volume up because she needed to get her work done. Not one please or thank you were said as we walked away. On a similar occasion an elderly lady who was sitting a few book shelves away form us also asked us to be quiet so that she could finish her book. 2 time the elderly lady used her manners but she had a very rude tone of voice. On both of these occasions 1 and I started laughing shortly afterward. 2 just goes to show how "nice" people can be when they want to get something done. All and all that 1 was one of the most funniest summers I have ever had. Whether we were getting talked to by some guy who wanted to start a 3 line or getting caught trying to spy on a cute guy or even getting reprimanded by not so nice people, we could always find 1 somewhere. Not many people could say that the library was ever a place where they laughed so much they nearly peed there pants, but 1 and I can.
