 When a day is qualified as perfect there are a lot of things that go into making it so. Most perfect days in people's teenage years are in the 3 beyond the stress of school. My perfect day wasn't in the 3, nor was it on a crazy 4 break in 2. My perfect day was on a 2 in the middle of 1 in 1. It was on this perfect day that my friendship with 1 was founded. A friendship that is now the best one of all. A friendship that is based on fun times, memories, story telling, and laughter. By 1 I had spent multiple weekends with 1. However none were as hot as that weekend in late 4. We decided we needed to cool off and with that said, we set off for 1. Down the road we went with two redneck boys and a mutt in the truck bed. Arriving in 1 was peculiar because I was so far out of my comfort zone. It was also peculiar because I hadn't met a single soul 1 was about to introduce me to. When I first lay my eyes on 1, 3, 4, and 2 I couldn't fathom how 1 had met them. She is athletic, driven, proper, and intelligent. The boys that shook my hand were into things like big trucks, fishing poles, and a loud country band. I didn't think upon first meeting them that opposites could attract or become fond of one another. As the day progressed I found my comfort zone again. As the hours flew by and jokes and laughs were exchanged, I realized just how similar we all really were. I didn't think that all of the childish things we did that 2 in 1 would matter to me months down the roads, but they do. When we were running by the dirty creek with black lipstick painted on as war paint and laughing so hard we cried, I realized just how perfect the situation was. If that day wouldn't have brought laughs to my lips and my mind to it's comfort zone, it would have been a day long forgotten. If you go back on every happy memory you have, there is always one common ground. A joke, or even a funny face makes you laugh extremely hard. Every time I drive through 1 I think about the day when the sun was hot and we sat by fishing poles exchanging laughs. I think about 1 and I running through the trees laughing and tripping over our own feet. I think about 1 and 2 laughing and pointing as we attempted to go swimming. After all of the crazy running and swimming we were quite wound up. 1, 4, and 2 asked us to take a walk; so we accepted and off we went into the brush. Within five minutes of our departure, we stopped walking. Our walk had put us on the top of a hill of little round pebbles. I'm not sure what events lead up to 1 pushing 1 down the hill. However, I remember 1 pulling 2 down with him. I also recall 4 sliding down to join the battle. Watching three boys wrestle and play on a hill of sliding rocks was something like watching a movie about the fifties. Nobody was texting or messing with a machine. Around us was laughing and serenity which danced like music around us. The day had no stress and it had the perfect amount of sunshine. It was like something you only dream about. Once you are in a moment like that, where your own little world is pulling you closer, you never want to leave it. When your on the laughing high, you disconnect yourself and for a few brief seconds your life is in it's simplest form. You are simply you, no racing thoughts, no rushing emotions. You are just one person. I never thought that something as small as laughs could create or better a friendship. On that 2 I realized that the laughs shared between 1 and I would be the first memory for what was to come. Every event and every laugh that we had that day will be something I think about when I'm doubtful of the world. It'll always be a memory that makes me appreciate living. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." 4 that 1 I wouldn't have believed it but laughing made me closer with people I would have otherwise avoided. Laughs and smiles bounded my world into 1 and into the world of a few 1 rednecks. And as of a 1 1, that has made all the difference.
