 The first day I met her, I knew 4 was the right dog for me. Her black and white fur was as soft as cotton, and her eyes as brown as the bark on a tree. 4 had a genuine personality no other dog could possess. Which was something I could tell right away 4 was the dog for me. Over the next couple of months, our friendship grew, as I taught her to talk, smile, and stand on two legs and dance with me. A black lab 1, instantly became her best friend, as the two ran over the property barking and playing. Everynight the two would cuddle up next to eachother and sleep. The times 1 (my new dog) would lay on her side and relax, I would call her an oreo. Her middle belly was white and her sides were black, making her look like a large-breathing oreo 1. 5 her name had come from. The seventh month had came along fast, but it was enjoyable every day with my 1 at my side.4 gave me the best comfort when I needed it, always giving me a smile when the day was rainy, or sleeping next to me when I didnt feel the best. It was kind of like 4 was my own special dose of medicine, her presence made me feel well again. Her love had grown deep into all of our hearts at that house and 4 was one of a kind, but something began to change about her as the days went on. Her food bowl would be nearly full everytime we fed her, 4 wouldnt run with 1 anymore, 4 wouldnt talk, and 4 wouldnt smile. I knew something was wrong. We didnt know 4 was sick until it was too late. The first day 4 had thrown up blood. That was when the worrying began between my boyfriend, his mother, and I. We wanted to find a vet to help her, but none of us had the money to do it. The second day in the 1, I couldnt find 1 anywhere on the property. I thought that maybe 4 had just gone for a walk around the outskirts of the house, until it reached 1 pm and there was still no sign of her. Panick spread throughout my body and I gave up looking for her and turned towards 1. "1," I looked at her straight into her eyes, "I know you can hear me." 4 looked at me with big brown eyes and wagged her tail. "5 is 1, 1?" I knew 4 understood me as 4 began to sniff around the areas of the property and suddenly as if 4 had picked up a trace, had followed a line of scent to an old opal car. 1 wagged her tail looked at me and looked back under the car. There 1 was sick looking. So I pulled her back up onto the property for my boyfriends mother to look at her. We werent sure if it was poisoning or something else. So we called a animal expert and asked. 4 said it sounded most likely like parvo, since we hadnt gotten 1 her parvo shot yet. So over the night to help her feel better, I and my boyfriend stayed up shooting water into her dehydrated body, and spinach juice hoping it would help, but all 4 wanted to do was sleep. So we left her alone in peace and decided we would check up on her in the 1. In the 1 my boyfriend had to go to work and I was left alone with 1 to take care of her. I sang songs to her as 4 layed on the porch sad looking and in despair, I stroked her on her head telling her how much 4 was my best friend and my favorite dog that meant so much to me, and I told her I loved her. I tried getting her to eat but 4 would only puke it back up. Finally after a day of crying next to her I noticed 4 kept walking to the pond behind the house and sitting in it. It gave me the insentive to check her butt. As I pulled up her tail, i noticed a large bloody hole 5 flies were flying out of. 4 was rotting from the inside out. I cried. It was time to decide whether to put her down or not, and I, my boyfriend, and his father just looked at her watching her be in pain. It was time. As soon as we got to the vet office, they took her inside and layed her on a table 5 I was told to hold onto her as they shot an overdose of anasthesia into her. it was only seconds before 4 was gone and everyone in the room was silent and I cried over her limp no longer smiling body. We dug a hole and buried her under the tree 4 played under. "1 my mama bear. 2 11 12 you in heaven."
