 Why is it that people can look back at something and laugh, but not while the action is taking place? For example, if you were to witness someone being hit by a car. During that event, nobody would be laughing. There would most likely be people rushing frantically for help and ambulances everywhere. But we see people get hit by cars all of the time on the 1 and it is considered comedic. On a hot 1 1, something quite similar happened to me and my friends. I live next to the 1. I know of this one spot on the 1, its called 1 1. It has a pretty strange name due to the fact that the water is actually a greenish color because the reflection of the tree's that surround it. The 1 is about thirty yards wide, nobody knows how deep it is because it is impossible to touch the bottom. The main attraction is a cliff-side, which ranges from 1 feet too 2 feet. On the other side of the 1, there is a beautiful, golden beach with massive tree's behind it. The hike to 1 is about one mile of steep decline, which leads right to the cliff's edge. The 1 bed and the gorge is lined up just the way that it is shaded for most of the day, except in the mornings. On this particular day, I was going to bring 2, 2, 3, and 1. My friend 2 is a dare-devil. Although he's not very good at athletic things, he is willing to try just about anything. He was also home-schooled until freshman year of high school, so he's also pretty socially awkward and definitely not used to resisting resisting negative peer pressure. On the other hand, I am the kid to do crazy things, but I can pull them off. I was doing gainers off of the cliff's edge that was only about 1 feet off the water. Somehow, 2 ended up getting pressured into trying one as well. As he was getting mentally prepared for this stunt, we all gave him a count down. 4, 5, 6, 6! We all shouted at the same time. He ran to the cliff-side, just like I showed him, he jumped out, then brought his knee's to his to his chest. Nothing happened! That was the problem, 2 tucked but he never rotated. He fell like a rock. His back aimed strait at the water. There was what seemed like a 7 second pause between the moment he jumped off the cliff and the moment he smacked the water. His upper back was the first thing to make contact with the water, there was a giant splash, and the sound of a clap almost as loud as a small firecracker. 5 seconds later, 2 emerged from the water, he was attempting to breathe but no air was entering his lungs. 2, 3, 1, and I were all on the shore of the beach across the lake! Simultaneously, we looked at each other, nobody was laughing, everyone looked worried. All at once we booked it into the water. It was about a 9 yard swim to get all the way to 2. I was the first one there. He was panting by then, but he was still in an intense state of panic. I stayed away from him until 1 got there. 1 is almost 6'7 and 11 pounds, so he grabbed 2 around the torso first. I grabbed his legs, when 3 and 2 finally got there they took hold of his arms. We all pulled him to the beach where he could safely put his feet on dry land. Who knows what would have happened if the panicked 2 would have made it to the beach all by himself. Although, it was kind of 18 fault for pressuring him in the first place. After almost 5 hours of basking in the in the sun and calming down, the sun started setting behind the gorge, there were shadows closing in on us from the shoreline. It was only 5 2. We decided to explore down the 1 a little bit, also to find some more sunshine. We all stood up and noticed that 2's entire backside was purple! Not only because of his ginger skin, but the impact on the water created quite the contusion. Everyone except 2 saw it and busted out laughing at the memory of what had previously just happened. 2 looked behind him and saw his discolored back and couldn'3 hold back bursts of laughter. Laughter was coming from everyone. This was the first time that 2, 3, 2, 1, and I had ever hung out. Laughter was what brought us together. Now we share 18 1 spot with all of 18 own other friends but nothing sticks out to me like that day did. To this day we all still reminisce about that hot 1 day at 1 when 2 attempted a gainer off the cliff. "Laughter is the shortest distance between two (or five) people." 
