 It all started when my eighth grade class had a plan to go see a movie together. I had the idea to see a movie, so i picked a few movies that were in theaters. The choices were between, '1 2,' 3 of the 4,' and another movie that i cant remember. We, as a group, decided to go to 3 of the 4. The movie stars 1, and 7 from 8 9. I thought that the movie was really good but there was one part in the movie that made me laugh so so hard. The scene starts out with 1 and 7 wandering around trying to find a place to stay for the night; and they seemed to have 4 1; 1 plays an important part on the movie. After a long day full of scary situations, they find a good size cave that they decide is a good spot to stay for the night. Back tracking a little bit, earlier that day, and in the movie, 1 came across a native fellow named 1. 1 is a a man like creature that walked like a monkey but has the face of a human but has an all around harry body. They came across him while traveling through the desert and saved him from execution; for that, 1 is very grateful and is 11 guide around the mysterious 3 that is foreign to man and that has never been seen by man. Back to what i was talking abot earlier, when 1 and 7 end up in the cave the see two full body skeletons sitting at a table that has an old record player on it, but the record is playing and making music. Just a second later 1 comes in the frame of the scene and does a little dance that puts him close to, but in front of the table. Then 1 does multiple pelvis thrusts to different directions, basically humping the air. Watching that scene made me laugh the hardest that i have ever laughed in my life. To this day i look back at it and laugh just as hard as i did the first time i saw the movie. About a month later, I went over to one of my good friends houses and we watched the movie again. When we got to the scene of 13 jig, we both fell down, off of the couch laughing. We replayed that scene about ten more times and ended up crying because we were laughing so hard. Laughter is good for the soul and moral, and for friendship building. Thank the 14 that he made us laugh!
