 Laughter plays a huge part in my life, my family loves to laugh. We are always making each other and people around us laugh. 8 you put two or more 1's together someone is going to start cracking up. Sometimes the kids in my family have games to make each other start 4. There is this one 2 that a couple of us play; no one ever oficaly gave it a name so we just call it theLaughing 2. The 2 starts out with one person standing in froung of everone else thats playing. The goal of the 2 is to try to get one of the other people to start 4, and the first one to laugh has to trade places with them to do the same thing. We really dont play that often just 8 their'se nothing else to do. One night my two nefues and I were just siting around looking for something to do 8 my little nefue 2 said "3 play the 4 2". His older brother 1 and I didnt really want to play but there was nothing else to do so we bouth said that we would. It started out like it always did nobody really wanted to go first, but 7 sombody finly maned up and just went. 7 it got started. After that everbody was 4 and having a good time. It went on like this for a while, but after about a houre or so it started to get boaring. 1 and I were strating to get board out of our minds so we were going to ouit, but my little nefue didnt want us to. 2 went up to take a turn. 8 2 went up for his turn, he started out like he usually did just making stupid faces and funny sounds to try to get people to laugh. We had seen all of his faces and herd all of his noises so it wasnt going to work. 7 after he realised that we wernt going to laugh he started telling us a story. He started the story out by saying "6 this guy right; he didnt have anything besides his chair and his box. He loved his chair and his box." The story wasnt very funny yet but he went with it. "7 the guy went to bed because he was tired and all, and 8 he woke up his stuff was gone. His chair and his box the only two things that he had in this world were gone. So he went looking for his things. He was searching all day and night but he couldnt find anything not his chair, his box, or even a clue of where they could have gone. So he disides to go to bed and maybe they would be back in the morning like maybe it was all a dream; but 8 he woke up he had turned into a wild boar." 8 he said that 2 started running around acting like a pig. That got us 4 but he didnt want to stop there he just kept telling his story. In the story it turnd out that everytime the "guy" went to bed something strange would change and it just got more and more funny. My family loves to laugh and have others laugh with us. Just like my nefue 2 he didnt want to stop telling his story because he had us cracking up. Weather were just hanging out and telling a couple of joaks or making up a 2 we love to laugh. Lauchter has a huge part in my life.
