 Laughter plays an important role in everyone's lives. Different laughs represent various things. For instance, have 2 ever heard someone chuckle and know right away that they are being sarcastic, or maybe even sympathetic? A laugh can say a lot. I'm going to tell 2 about the time my friend fell into an 1 pond. In early 1, my friend was visiting me at my house for a week. The third morning of her stay, we woke up and it had snowed seven inches 1. I was used to the soft, white flakes spiraling through the air, 1 1 was from 1 and had never seen snow before. As my friend was listing all of the things 1 wanted to do that day, 1 let out the most anxious laugh I had ever heard. I could tell 1 just wanted to go outside that very moment. Of course 1 knew it was going to be cold but I didn't think 1 knew how cold. I told her it was going to be chillier than what 1 might be expecting. We got dressed in numerous layers of clothing: socks, pants, shirts, and jackets so we could head out. As we were walking down the snowy hill 1 spotted the 1 pond on the lower half of my property and hurled towards it. 1 asked if we could go swimming, I laughed a sarcastic laugh and answered, "heck no!" 1 walked toward a massive log that lays across the water and decided to cross it. 1 said that if I didn't go with her 1 would push me in. So I took a step back, 1 just looked down and continued walking. As 1 stepped onto the log that was glazed with ice 1 got a little cocky and decided to jump around to show me it was "fun." I laughed at the funny movements 1 was making and whispered, "2're going to fall." All of a sudden 1 slipped and the ice cracked. It reminded me of glass shattering on a cement floor. This picture in front of me was almost as if it was in slow motion; I can remember her hands reaching up to grasp the log before 1 fell in to the freezing water. 1 fell through, I bounded 1 to help her out, I slowly pulled her out of the pond. I looked at her after I had harpooned onto the log and we both burst out in laughter...although her teeth were chattering and her multiple layers of clothing we soaked, I knew 1 was 3 going to cherish this moment because it was her first snow experience. Walking up to the house 1 giggled, "I should have listened to 2 huh?" I nodded my head and suggested we take off her clothes to ring out and put in the dryer.We changed into pajamas and sipped on hot chocolate and coffee all day long, sharing laughter and smiles. I will 3 remember this day because there were so many different stories I can tell from it.
