 Shafts of light escape through fogged windows casting a shadowed glare upon the surface of the table. A tremendous sign hovers on a wide oak shelf that borders the entire dining area. 16 read's "1's" in great letters buried under decades of dust. My eyes dance among the plethora of mismatched antiques and statues strung throughout the room easily filling every crevice. These objects form a family of outliers, each individually unique belonging 15 the restaurant. Huge posters of All-2 athletes tower among 1-inch flat screens while an acrid scent of molded wood and fermented beer lingers. Numerous bras fall from the ceiling of the bar that sits next 15 the entrance. The sound of crunching echoes in my ears as waitresses maneuver over fallen peanut shells. That's 4 sets this place apart from the others. The entire floor is littered with barrels of 1's broken shells and mashed peanuts as 16 is custom for the customers 15 throw them on the ground. Of course there's my family; a vivacious group of five squeezing our round frames into a booth that comfortably seats four. We seem 15 mesh quite nicely with the crowd of miscellaneous objects dressed in our '1 3' attire of skirts and dress suits. Distracted, I busy myself in the menu browsing for something with a little zest and a lot of calories. A loud smashing noise breaks my attention and I slide the newspaper style menu below my eyes. Across the table sits my grandmother; a petite old lady standing proudly at 2 who devotes her free time in attempting stand up comedy. I study the glass jar of ketchup she's holding and watch her pound the corner on a single peanut. The shell cracks open and 1 picks out the nuts sweeping its kernels onto the floor. I giggle 15 myself surprised at 4 limits this old lady is willing 15 go 15. She proceeds 15 repeat this process with ten more peanuts until the entire family has stopped in curiosity. Looking up, 1 pauses with the jar suspended in her hand. "4? I'm just trying new ways of cracking open the nut." 1 exclaims pausing for a comical response. With no reaction we resume position contemplating our meal choices. Minutes later a hefty waitress reeking of drugstore perfume and 1 nights hangover sets down glasses of water and drags off sluggishly. Raising his glass, 5 motions us 15 follow. "6!" 7 calls clinking each of our glasses in turn. "6! And 6 15 cherry people!" 1 pitches in. "9 10!" I shout automatically. Immediately my parents chuckle because my grandmother has never been funny. 16's a joke that nobody in the family laughs at 1's comments but herself and that's how 16 remains. Years ago, my brother deemed her jokes the "9 10" because she poses as a comedian but truly isn't. From then on, each time 1 would crack a "joke" someone was quick 15 respond with yelling "9 10!" 15 this day, she has neither improved nor given up daily opportunities 15 attempt 15 win over her audience. In quiet defeat 1 chuckles 15 herself and focuses down on the menu. Seconds later she's back in the ring for round two. "16's noon. So are we having breakfast or lunch? Or should we have..brunch?! I'm dying here just laugh already," she pleads. For a moment we all just stare at her. Innocent eyes gaze back; the predator calmly sits awaiting the move of its prey. Then, as if a switch had been flipped, we eye each-other and the ribbon is cut. Tea party giggles erupt into hoarse cries as rolls of thunderous laughter echo through the room. I hand my mother a napkin which she uses 15 dab jubilant tears. The thick wooden table shutters under the pound of my father's fist slapping the surface in hysteria. I laugh so hard my gut aches and yet I cannot understand why everything is so funny. All the while 1 sits in pure delight, tickled by the success of finally earning a sincere response 15 her notorious off-the-cut "jokes." 16's a wonder we aren't thrown out of the restaurant. Customers in surrounding booths peer over the edge of their bench eying us with distaste. However, this isn't the first and certainly wouldn't be the 1 time my family causes a scene. Plain yet obnoxious jokes is a loosely run comradery in our family that always finds its spot in our books of lasting memoirs. The remainder of the meal was spent in bursts of giggles and we were more than kindly shown out the door once our meal was finished. Its when you break into hysterics for no monumented reason and can't get through retelling 16 someone else who doesn't find 16 nearly as humorous.) 16's those insignificant moments in life when we're reminded of who we are and the bonds we share. Laughter is a connection, a form of love that cultivates within society and in families with grandmothers such as mine, every "9 10" is worth 16.
