 It was 1. The day was beautiful and full of happy faces. A perfect day to be at the fair. I was sitting on a bench next to 1 this guy I really liked, but I doubted 6 liked me of course. I had caught him staring at me a couple of times and I just thought I had something on my face that really cached his attention, like a piece of food since we had just at a couple minutes before or something. I looked at him and asked "1?""2" 6 said with a huge smile on his face."3 tell me 1 14 funny" I demanded throwing a smile back at him."2 is funny, but.." 6 paused for a moment."5 can i ask 13 out?" 1 asked. I felt my face turn red, my body temperature raised and my leg began to move without control. "6 cant know I have strong feelings for him" I thought to my self. "7 just play it off like 10 hes joking..because 6 is joking right?""8 2? are 13 okay?" 6 asked as 6 put his hand on my lap."9 I'm fine, its just.." I paused for a long time."10 13 say 3 I 17 understand" 6 said as his head slowly faced the ground. I didn't know 1 to say, I felt stuck. I wanted to say 14 much but the words wouldn't come out."11 don't mess with me like that, I know your joking 1" I laughed nervously. 1 looked at me with a confused face like 10 6 was saying "Was I not clear enough" or "12 I just walk away?". His smile turned into a serious expression and the glow of his eyes had disappeared. I felt something on my throat, words were stuck and they needed to come out!."13 can ask me out any time and my answer 17 always be 9" I said feeling relived."14 does that make 13 my girlfriend 2?""I don't know 1..13 have not asked me out yet" I said with a grin on my face. We looked at each other for a second and busted out laughing, like 10 it was the funniest thing in the world. I didn't fully understand why we were laughing and 6 probably didn't either, but that didn't stop us. I started feeling a cramp in my stomach from all the force I was putting on my it which maid me to stop laughing. 1 took my hand and we walked towards the roller coaster ride. In my head I imagined him kneeling down on one knee and asking me to be his girlfriend, and at that moment the noises in the background would disappear, and the camera would only be focused on us. Although that probably only happens in the end of a romantic movie were everyone lives "happily ever after". I looked over at 1 realizing I wasn't in a movie, I was in this place called reality. 6 was looking at me like 10 I had something on my face again, but it didn't really bother me any more. We got on the roller coaster and a few other rides, which totally made me feel like I needed to throw up. I was standing in the ticket line wen for some reason I felt this joy inside of me, like 10 I was the happiest person on this world. 2 bothered me that day not even wen something was supposed to bother me, I just ignored it because I felt like 10 it really didn't matter. I had the biggest smile on my face like 10 I had just got bot-ox and couldn't make any other expression except for that one. The sun hid behind the clouds, and the day darkened right before my eyes. I had felt like the day hadn't been long enough because of all the fun I had been having. I was starting to believe that time really does fly, even though i knew better than that. The time to go home had come and the people heading out of the fair had exhausted looks that didn't even let them smile because they were 14 worn out. 1 and I walked towards the car. As we walked 6 seemed kind of worried. "15 wrong 1" I asked noticing his not 14 happy expression. "I haven't officially asked 13 out" 1 said. "16 ask me I'm ready" I repliedJorge hurried in front of me and stopped me from walking. "17 13 be my girlfriend 2..Again?" 6 grindButterflies ran down and up my stomach, and my feet weakened. "uhhhh..I mean 9 of course 7 be your girlfriend" I stuttered. I guess the expression on my face was hilarious or something because 6 began to giggle. 14 i decided to laugh too even though I didn't know 1 was funny but oh well. We got in the car and drove home. On the way it was kind of quiet but it was somehow worth it. 
