 Laughter. Something everyone does. Its natural, organic, normal. They say children laugh more than adults, maybe that's 6 keeps them children. They can still let that deep instinct to enjoy themselves be expressed in bursts of happy noise. Laughter is always unique to every person. Some have musical laughs, others have deep belly laughs. Then there 10 those or snort or snicker, the kind of laugh that makes 8 laugh because 8 hear it. Those 10 my favorite. Someone once said, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" and I couldn't agree more. Laughing with people has been the greatest influence in my relationships with my friends. I have five girlfriends that I would not be able to live without. They support me, love me, and get me to be bold and get out of my comfort zone. There have been many sleepovers where at two in the morning all 8 here is the laughter of all of us at some shocking 1 confession or horror at the "would 8 rather?" someone just came up with. One 1 in particular was especially funny. It was last 1 and we were sleeping on 1's porch. It was a spectacular 1, the stars were out the air was cool but comfortable and a meteor shower was happening later on that evening. 3 started the conversation with her favorite catch phrase, "1 guys, hows life?" We all 16 because if 8 10 around 3 for more than and hour 8 will here this saying a 2 times. "3 as five minutes ago," I replied. "4 guys my life has completely changed," said 1 sarcastically. "5 really?" 1 asked, her little body curled up in her sleeping bag, "6 have 8 had a personality flip, 11 8'20 now blond and stupid?" "7." 1 said sarcastically, rolling her eyes, a very 1 gesture. We 16 at the ridiculous mental picture of "the brain"being stupid. "8 guys want to play would 8 rather?" 2 piped in. I had thought she was asleep by now. All I could see was her red hair covering her face. "9!" yelled 2, "I can't handle my mind being filled with horrible mental pictures!" she buried her face in her pillow trying to block the images. "10 8 sure? I have some new ones." 1 said with her best evil voice, "11 would 8 rather have to..." "9!" we all yelled together and the laughter ensued. "13 or 14?" 3 suggested. An unintelligible noise came from 2's pillow. "6 did 8 say?" I asked. She raised her sleepy eyed face. "I'23 too lazy, and unless the 14 is to be the first one asleep then I'23 not playing!" she dropped her head back onto her pillow. "I agree," 1 added, "I'23 too lazy." "1 it would take 8 four hours just to get out off this porch cause 8'20 so 21." 16 1. "1 I'23 not 21. I'23 17!" "5 just accept it 1, 8'20 21!" "9 1 I'23 17!"We continued 11 this, bantering back and forth till slowly people began to fall asleep, drifting off in the cool 1 air. I was the last awake, and as I watched the meteor shower I had a sudden epiphany. My life was pretty awesome right now. It was 1, 9 school, 9 stress. I was laying on a porch watching a meteor shower listening the 1 sounds and feeling perfectly safe, and I had the best five friends I could ever wish for. We joked and 16 with each other, but this is the first step to being so comfortable with people that 8 can tell them everything. Laughing with someone breaks the ice, it brings us closer together. Laying there I suddenly realized that because of all of our joking I felt comfortable enough with these girls to tell them just about everything, and I wanted to. I had never felt 11 this before. That I could do anything because there were five people that had my back through anything. I smiled to myself and as I closed my eyes I imagined all of the laughter I would get to enjoy with these friends.
