 9 you ever been scared so much that you couldn't sleep the whole night? Were you with a group of 1 friends at the time? Telling scary stories can be fun and games until someone gets too afraid and freaks everyone out. It starts out with everyone watching movies and having fun until the parents go up stairs and its time to party. It was called our "1 2" night, we call it "1 2" because, us 5 kids, we consider ourselves as 1. Our night involves 2 antsy 1, 1 frightened teenagers, and a house that has said to be "6". To start this amazing night of terror, the guests had to arrive at first. Everyone reached at my house around 4 pm. We started out by playing videos games, laughing, having a good time, eating, playing board games. Just your average teenage party. That was, until the parents went upstairs to go to bed. Once they were settled in bed and fast asleep, we brought out the "7 or 8" games. I bet you thought we were gonna be immature seedlings and play the unrated version didn't you? Well, fortunately we are the 5 kids. Just your normal "I 8 you to run around the house three times" or "9 you ever kissed someone?". Nothing unrated about that. After a while everyone just got bored of playing that redundant game, so we moved on to the next activity we were going to do which was to play sing-star on the 5, but 3 brought the wrong cords over so we couldn't hook the console up. Since that didn't turn out as planned, we started to chat and capture pictures of the 1. Since this was our "1 2", it was definitely necessary to take some pictures of all of us together as a 1. For our 1 role, it goes like this, I am the father, 3 is the mother, 3 is the cat, 8 is the 12, 9, 5, 13 and 6 were my children, 1 is my brother, 7 is the strange atrocious woman, 4 is the sister in-law, and 2 is our cable guy. This is how we all considered each other in the 1, so we all had to wear costumes that fit our personality traits for the photos. It took a while for everyone to concentrate and to stop bickering to each other, but we managed to cooperate and proceed with the photo shoot. After photos, it was time to fulfill our appetites. I ordered pizza ahead of time before my parents went to bed. We got 6 different large pizzas. Hawaiian, 14 15, 16 17, 18, 19 2, and 20. One by one, we all kept coming back for more. My "daughter" (13) dropped her pizza onto the carpet and left a hulking red stain. We all started to pother. 9 got the cleaner, I got the rags, 4 got the 22, and 7 got the camera. She thought it would be humorous to take pictures while we scrubbed for our life. After the mess was cleaned up, we stopped eating and placed everything else away. Now it was 23 movie time. Snuggled up onto the couch with 1 people all clutched together is the "right" way to contemplate a 23 movie. The movie we chose was called The 24. Every one sitting on top of every one was fun until someone had to use the bathroom. Then, that's when it all happened... when 4 got up to use the bathroom, the 25 turned off, all the lights in the house shut down and we kept noticing shadows whisking across our living room walls. 13 started to cry, 2 was complaining, 4 wouldn't go to the bathroom, and I was freaking out. Since none of the lights would turn back on, we all got in a circle on the carpet and started telling legitimately scary stories. Most of them were genuinely honest, and the others were said to be myths. There was one story that 6 portrayed about a possessed 26 that had no left leg and would go around terrorizing pedestrians. Well, it just so happened that I had a 1 that had no left leg and when we started telling that story my 1 started to freak out and assail all of my guests. So I grabbed my dog whistle and commanded them to cease, and dismiss. After all of the commotion, my parents never woke up and we all scurried up to my room to continue our discussion of 23 stories. During the whole process of the 2, the main lesson was that you can conquer any kind of fear as long as you 9 a sense of laughter and friends to back you up with it and that's what happened at the party. We were just hysterical about the whole situation and nobody ever left someone alone by themselves and always comforted them with laughter. By far I would 9 to say that was my favorite and most adequately funniest parties I 9 ever had.
