 A 1 2 The 3 4 was a warm 1 1, some of my friends and I had planned to spend a 1 2 the 3. We had decided on walking around and looking 2 all the cool stores. Eventually we would all get lunch and go out to the park near the river right next to the 3. We all agreed that 4 was a great plan and we would all have a wonderful 1. To start off, we all met 2 the bus stop by the movies. 3, 4, 2, 5 and I were all there. We decided to go look inside 6 7 first because they have all the crazy things we love. Inside the store, I found a dress that was to die for. 4 was small and grey with skulls all over 4. Unfortunately, 4 costed 1 that i did not have, so we left 6 7. Next, we went to 1 10 to see what they had in store for us. 3 and I created a black teddy 1 with a studded leather jacket. We gave 4 an awsome top hat and named 4 11 1. We all thought 4 was pretty funny because teddy bears are supposed to be cute and this one was kind of scary. We paid 2 for 4 and continued on our little adventure. We all decided 4 was about lunch time so we went and got chineese food from 1, left the 3, and headed down to the park next to the river. Before we got to the park, we stopped to go see what 4 was like under the bridge. There were towers of rocks all over the place, so we decided to build one of our own. We stacked 4 up almost as tall as me before 4 toppled over, almost crushing 4 on the way down. We followed the little path away from the rock towers down to the river. 4 lead us to a little beach next to the water. There was a huge pillar separating the trees and bushes from the water. We decided to eat lunch here instead of going to the park. After eating lunch, we were all full of energy again. 5 started a pine cone war by tagging me in the back of the head with one. After a few minutes, all of us were involved. We used the giant pillar from the bridge as a shield but 4 didn't quite work. 4, who had a better aim than all of us, was hitting everyone left and right, so the rest of us teamed up on him. We all threw pine cones one after the other untill 4 had to start backing away. As he reached the edge of the shore, he tripped over a big rock and fell backwards into the shallow water. Instantly, we all busted out in a roar of laughter that continued on for a good couple of minutes before 5 finally decided on helping 4 out of the water. He was very unhappy about the situation while we were all quite pleased. Jesica had managed to get a vidio of the whole thing and when we played 4 back to 4 he couldn't help but laugh with us. After that, we went to the park. Immediately, we all ran for the slide. "I wanna go first!" screamed 3 as we all made 4 up the jungle jim to the slide. All of us pushed and shoved to get to the slide before I finally suggested going down the big, swirly slide all together. Everyone els thought 4 was a great idea so we attempted 4. 3 was first, as she wanted, I was second, followed by 2, 4, and then 5. We started off realy slow and progressed in speed as more of us piled onto the slide. We ended in a pile 2 the bottom, all laughing histarically. When we all came back to reality we realized 4 was time to head home so we all grabbed our things and headed for the bus stop. In the end, 4 had turned out to be an even better 1 than we had expected. The whole 1 was full of joy and laughter, whitch are a few of the key aspects of life. Without laughter, there would be no way to 1 when you are extremely happy or when you think something is funny. Happiness is one thing you need to live a fun, fulfilling life. I feel like the ability to laugh is one thing that makes a person fun to have around. Do you think you laugh often enough?
