                   1 2 I've had the same best 2 for about three years now. There are a lot of times where laughter was the biggest part of our friendship. But 3 not sure if we just think were funny or if people think were funny. My two best 2 are 2 and 2. I've actually know both of them since we were little. It was about second grade when we became 2. Although we were never really close until about sixth grade. Now days 3 closer 1 2, then I am to 1. I remember when 2 and I would throw little pieces of eraser at each other across the room nearly missing our teacher. The first memory I remember 1 2 was maybe when we were in third grade. We would goof off and mess around in 3. The three of us haven't hangout a lot since high school started. It also doesn't help when we each go to different schools. But when 2, 2 and I do hangout were always laughing and having a good time. One example of laughter bringing us together, is when we went to 1 skate park for my birthday a few years back. 2's grandma was taking us there and along the way we asked if we could stop and get 1. I just got an 4 camera for my birthday so I decided to bring that along. We went the the 1's located on 1 street. As we were going through the drive-thru and 2's grandma was ordering. 2 decided to roll his window down and started ordering stuff for himself at the same time his grandma was. He asked for a 2 and a large fry. What made this really funny was that his grandma was getting mad. She told 2 to stop and told the person over the mic not to listen to the male voice in the background. But 2 kept doing it anyways. When we were pulling up to the window to get the food 2 told his grandma to pull up far enough so he could get the food. So as we were pulling up 2 rolled his window up down and got the food. 3 so glad I brought my camera and recorded the whole thing. When we got there we hopped out of the car and went to the park. It was later in the day when we got there, probably about three or four. At first none of us really skated cause we were looking around. But when we did start skating we stayed there for about four or five hours. Cause when we left it was dark outside. There are four stair sets there, the two stair, the three stretch, the three block and the five stair. That's the order they go in from size and how hard it is to 3 them. Cause we were there for so long we had a lot of videos recorded. Some where of us skating, some where really random and funny, then others I don't know what the heck was going on in them. Later that day when we were tired and bored of being there 2's grandma came and picked us up. They both came over to my house when we got back. We just watched 5 and played video games. Its always funny to watch one of us get frustrated because were not winning. Eventually we stopped and listened to music. Around 2 p.m 2 went home and 2 stayed the 1. As we were in my living room he was messing around 1 the tri-pod I had got 1 my camera. As he has it in his hands, he's unscrewing it and it falls apart. We both laught at first but then I got mad cause I just got that. This day was really fun, it was full of laughing, dedication to skating, and our friendship. It was a day that I felt closer to 2 and 2. 
