1 do 2 know were my wax for my skin board is? I yelled to my 1 as i walked out of my room.I think it is on 8 book shelve but why do 2 need it?" my father replied.It's for 1's birthday present, I don't 4 any money for him and i promised him something amazing this year so i am going to take him to 2 2 and we are going to ride are canoe down the giant sand dune.why cant 2 just get money from us or something and then buy him a card at the dollar tree? my 1 responded to me with a look on his face as if he were saying 8 the stupidest kid i know.2 know i don't take handouts 1 i would 4 to work for that money and i don't 4 enough time to work for it and hangout with 1 all day, I mean it is his birthday after all and besides this is more fun I said with a mischievous grin on my face.Well alright the canoe is already hooked up to the truck, my 1 replied.That's fine with me pops, but can 2 give us a ride out there and back? I asked him trying that puppy dog face my sister always makes to get what she wants.Only if 2 stop making that weird face at me, do 2 want to drive? He asked me as we walked out the door to go pick up 1.Yes please, I said as he flipped me the keys.Pulling into 1's drive way i shut off the truck and stuffing the keys into my left front pocket i walked into 1's house. Walking into it i knocked on the wall and two heads turned to look up at me. One my best friend 3 a sandy short hair boy with a white face and the other was the birthday boy 1 who much like 3 had the same hair color but had pink rose cheeks. I thought i would fine 2 here i said . What's this adventure 8 taking me on today he asked? 2 will see soon enough i replied now throw on some shorts and get a crappy pair of shows I will be out in 8 living room watching the 1 win there game when 8 done. So leaving 3 and 1 to change I waited outside 1's room. Alright, said 3 we're ready now tell us. Not yet I replied with a mischievous grin on my face. 1 yelled goodbye to his mom as he closed the door behind us and we headed for the truck were my 1 was still waiting. So 1 said to my 1 as he got into the back seat do 2 know what 8 son is going to make us do today? Yes but 2 will probably want this one to be a surprise. Well why is there a canoe on top of the truck, are 2 going fishing 1? 3 asked as he climbed in next to 1. I wished laughed my pa as I started up his truck. Pulling out of 1's driveway I headed off towards the bridge and out of town, going straight towards 2. Turning into 2 I found a parking spot on the other side of an old car and shut off the truck, I tossed the keys to my 1 saying I don't think 2 will want me to 4 these in my pockets I said to my pa. There was only one other person there a drunk man waving a beer bottle around and sitting on a log. Putting the canoe into the water i tossed each person a paddle and said row to the other bank. As we reached the other bank we all jumped out and i pulled the canoe up onto the sand at the bottom of a massive sand duneWe are going to push this up the dune then wax the bottom and ride down the hill in it i said smiling madly at them bothYour stupid the commented together but were down they sad starting to push the canoe up the hill. As we reached the top we flipped the canoe over and started hurriedly waxed the bottom, then pushed it to a likely spot to slide down and all jumped in we slide forward a little but stoped. Without another word me and 3 jumped out and pushed with while running then jumping in we flew on down the sand dune and hit the water with a thud snapping the canoe in two as it flipped me out to a log ten yards away as i saw 3 fly out and hit the water with a cannon ball as 1 just fell out the side into the shallows. When i emerged i heard the drunk man yell from the other side of the bank."2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9' "
