I have lived in 1 2 almost my whole life, I went to pre 5 all the way up to 1 grade. 7 was about half way into my 1 when my mom had told me the "3" news. Honey we are moving, i froze in shock i didn't know what to think, no we can't move. why she said, um maybe because im going into 4 5. I don't want to go somewhere where i have no clue who anybody is. Don't worry my mom said you will make some friends. Where are we moving any wise i asked? Lebanon she answered me in a soft 1 voice. 6 i guess its not that far away from here. There you go she said 7 wont be that bad once we get there and get everything settled in and unpacked. Yeah 13 i still don't know anybody there, 6 your cousin 2 goes there and he is a junior so he could maybe drive you to 5 everyday if you wanted and introduce you to some people. Okay i said i was excited 13 i didn't want to move away from 8. We started to pack up our things, 7 took us about a week to get everything out of the old house into the new one. After the house was all packed and our things where out we started to clean. We cleaned from the up stares all the way down, head to toe that took us about two days tops to do. So in all total 7 took us about a week and two days to get everything packed, moved out, and cleaned. We said our 11 byes to our friends and family and where on our way. Its not like we will never see them again i said to my brothers. We finally pulled up to the house, 8 was so anxious to see what 7 looked like. My mom opened the doors go check 7 out she said, wow this place is amazing we love 7 the boys said. I told you that you guys would love 7. We went up stares and picked out our rooms. there was only four bedrooms so the two younger boys had to share. When we where all done with that we stared to unpack our stuff. I was so tired from doing everything that after i was done unpacking my room i went and took a nape on my bed. When i woke up i realized that i have not unpacked everything like i though i did, so i finished with that. 5 started in about a week i was so excited 13 nervous 1 the same time to see what 7 would be like. Finally the day was here, honey wake up time for 5 mom said already 13... oh forget 7 i said im groin to 5 no matter what. I get out of bed brush my teeth, hair, do my make up and get dressed. "9" "9" 2 is here time to go. I rush down stares get my back pack and get in the car. 11 morning he said 11 morning, you excited for 5 he asked yeah kinda just a little nervous.Don t be i will introduce you to my girlfriend she is a fresh man also k sounds 11 i said. We pull into the 5 wow that's a a lot of kids i said yea there is 2 freshman this year. We get out of the car and go inside. Lets go show you around to your classes alright i said. This is you first period 1 she teaches 12 arts. He shows me the rest of the six and sends me to class. I walk in 8 staring 1 me, my sstomach turning into notes wanting to fall out of my stomach. Welcome 1 just sit down i will be with you shortly the teacher says. She shows me where to sit ans introduces me to the class. Finally the class is over, 13 i still have to go to six more. This day feels like its going bye for ever, i walk to the rest of my classes wondering if they will not be that scary 13 no i was wrong. Most of the teachers made me introduce my self in the front of the class 7 was terrifying! I get on the bus can't wait to get 2. I walk threw the doors, how was your day, did you make friends, mom calm down i said to her sorry i just want to know. My day was 11, can i go take a shower now? Yeah just don't take long k. I get out and go lay on my bed awww time to go to sleep i though 13 no my brothers had to come bum rush me and tell me about there day. 7 was about 1 okay i though time to go to bed. "14" "15" time to get up 1, oh no not again!.
