 My best friend, 1 and I have been close ever since we were 1. We met through 1 2 lessons at our local dance studio. We've stayed close throughout the years because we've always done similar activities. We're very different from each other though. I'm more out going, I like to speak my mind and I'm more carefree. 4's the opposite. 4's very conservative and 4 can take things too seriously. But either way, we manage to even each other out. Finals week had just gotten over, and 1 and I had been planning a sleepover all week. We just needed time to relax and have some time to ourselves. When I had gotten home from school, I gave her a quick call. "3?" 4 answered. "5, 12 time did 16 wanna hang out?" I asked. "I was thinking 2?" "6 good!" I quickly hung up the phone and gathered up my gear. I grabbed my toothbrush, pillow, pajamas, and my blanket. I put my shoes on and headed back out the door. My dad dropped me off with all of me gear. I had brought my pajamas, my pillow, and an extra blanket. I walked up her sidewalk to her door, knocked, and waited. Only seconds later did 4 answer it with a big smile across her face. 4 lead me down to her basement where 4 had all the junk food set out ready for us to attack. 4 had gone to the store earlier that day and had bought everything. 4 had set it all up on her old pool table that nobody used. There were chips, cookies, sodas, candy, chocolate, and pizza. I set my stuff down on the chair in the corner of the room and we feasted. Of course, we could eat all the food. We simply weren't big enough. After eating for almost an hour straight, we laid on her basement floor trying to gain composure. We started laughing at silly little things that came up on commercials on her big screen 7. Eventually, we got to talking about how each of our finals went. "I did soo good on all of mine! I'm gonna get A's" 1 bragged. 4 has gotten straight A's every year since middle school. "I think I did pretty 8 too, not so sure about a 3 though." I said as I was laying upside down on the floor. "8, we'll just see tomorrow!" We finally decided to move ourselves over to the couch on the opposite side of the pool table, so we could face the 7. It was already 4 in the 1 and we were still on a sugar high. We switched back and forth from watching some old scary movie, and the top 5 music videos of the week. That had passed some time and before we knew it, it was 2 in the 1. 1 and I were laying on opposite ends of each other. Occasionally, one of us would get some chips or candy from the table. We grew tired to the point where we couldn't keep our eyes open. No one even had enough energy to turn off the overhead light. We fell asleep fast. When I woke-up the next 1, 1 wasn't laying across from me anymore. 4 was sitting in the corner chair where I had set my stuff. I looked at the clock, and it was already 4:30 in the afternoon. I looked back and 1, 4 seemed somewhat upset. I shifted around under my blanket so I could face her. "5..." I grunted, while I was stretching. "1." 4 said abruptly. 4 was holding a folded piece of paper in her hand. "12's up?" I asked, sitting up on the couch. 4 crumpled up the piece of paper and threw it at me. I picked it up from my lap and unfolded it. It was her report card. I scanned down the paper looking at all of her grades. 4 had received all A's... and one 13. 4 had gotten a 13 in her 15 class. I looked up from the paper to see her hands covering her face. I walked over to her kinda amused by how upset 4 was. "16 got a 13... and 16're crying?" I asked. 4 looked up at me quickly. I looked at her with a stupid face, and 4 busted out laughing. 4 felt so stupid for crying over 8 13. I stared laughing too. I knew my grades we be far worse. Heck, I'd be glad to get 13's. 1 and I are the perfect best friends. We even each other out. I tell her to lighten up, and 4 tells me to focus more. 16 can't take little things like that too seriously, it's just not worth the stress. Sometimes 16 just gotta relax, and maintain your focus. 16 have to find your perfect balance of work, and play.
