Sometimes, 1 2 3 to 4 I glanced around nervously as much mother drove up to the strange and unfamiliar building that was to be 6 new 2. "5 around! We can come back another time...or 2 not come back at all." 6 mother laughed and continued to search for a parking spot. I slumped down in 6 seat, discouraged and lonely. 1 was the first day of 6 sophomore year in 2 2, and I had to spend it at a new 2 2; 1. Transferring to a new 2 would not 3 been so bad if I hadn't been forced to leave the 2 I loved, the 2 I had friends in, the 2 which met 6 selective needs and wants. I was dreading this day and only wished I could go home and sleep this vivid nightmare away. 6 mom had to practically drag me from our minivan to the 2 doors, for both 6 body and mind were aching to run in the opposite direction. There was a massive crowd of students swarming around the room, which would later be known to me as "the commons." 6 mom introduced me to the woman in charge, 3, then waved goodbye and headed back to the car. I felt nauseous, and 6 heart was pounding as I glanced around at 6 new peers. I did not see even one familiar or friendly face. Not being an outgoing person was a struggle for me, especially when I was faced with new surroundings, such as this 2. The truth was, I didn't even want to make any friends. I 2 wanted to go back to 2;6 2. As the day progressed, 6 mood only got worse. No one had even tried to be nice to me, and I wasn't really trying either. As the students were taking a field trip down to the 9 campus down the street, I ran into a girl who looked 2 as uncomfortable as I did. 14 had long, blond, straight hair, brown eyes, and a pierced nose. We started walking together, our steps in sync with each other, although no words were exchanged. We both 2 felt more comfortable standing next to each other, rather than standing alone. At the 9 campus, I decided to abandon 6 timid, protective shell, and I asked her where 14 was from. "1," 14 replied. "6 family moved here last 2, so I was home schooled until the end of the year," 14 informed me, her voice laced with nervousness. We continued to make small talk as our group took a tour through the building. I still had not learned her name though because I couldn't read the handwriting on her name tag, and I was too embarrassed to ask what it was. Fortunately 14 started talking about her name. "6 parents named me 1 because 6 mom is 13, and I guess 14 really liked that name." 14 shrugged and rolled her eyes. 14 told me I could call her by her nickname, 2, because 14 didn't like people talking to her using her full name. After our tour, all the groups of students headed back to the 2, for we were going to 3 a pizza party for lunch. As 2 and I sat in the corner munching on our food, we studied the kids around us. "15...This is going to be the worst year ever," I said gloomily. We stared pitifully at each other for a moment, sizing up the difficult times ahead of us. Then, simultaneously, we both cracked a smile. Next thing I knew, we were laughing hysterically, our bodies rocking back and forth with every breathe that managed to escape our lips. Sometimes, when life throws me lemons, instead of making lemonade, I pucker up 6 lips at the thought of how sour they are, and I 2 3 to 4. Although laughing did not automatically make 6 new 2 a fun and welcoming place, it made it 2 a little more bearable. Laughter truly is the best medicine, no matter what the illness or problem is, and it can make two strangers into friends almost immediately.
