 Laughter, one of life's greatest gifts. Have you ever laughed so hard that you cried? What about laughed so hard you can't breath, or noise no longer escapes from your lips? I am the type of person that can 6 at something so stupid that when I get done laughing, I don't even know why I started laughing in the first place. I can 6 so hard that nothing comes out at all! 1's amazing what laughter can do to a persons heart. The way 1 makes you feel, the way 1 makes you act. 1's so contagious, and 1 happens all around us everyday. You are never too old for laughter, 1 happens to the best of us. young or old, 1 doesn't matter. Laughter has no age limit. One time 2 3 4 and I stayed up until three in the 1. We were so delirious, and kooky, we acted like crazy people. Now we have the type of relationship where we can 6 at almost anything. Literally almost anything... As we were staying up, we drank lots of soda and had sugary foods to fuel us for the night. We made up songs, we danced around 2 house, and 1 felt like we laughed for hours! I laughed until tears were flowing out of 2 eyes, and i couldn't get a breath out of 2 heaving lungs. When 1 gets to the silent laughing, 1's even more funny because that person can't control 1, and they look so hilarious because there rocking back and forth, with this silly expression upon their face, not making any noise at all. Have you ever just laughed for what feels like a lifetime? How did you feel after that "lifetime" of laughter? 1 almost feels as something as powerful as the sun just warms over your heart and soul. When I 6 I feel all the happiness and emotion just flow all throughout 2 entire body. 1's one of the greatest feelings in the world, I really can't think of a greater feeling than the warmth that laughter brings. 1's so great when you and a 3, or group of friends can sit back and enjoy the laughter you share. Even when your feeling down, maybe need some cheering up. You can always depend on a 6 to pull you through. No matter what mood I'm in, 5 I hear someone laughing, 1 is so hard to not join in. Laughing is so contagious! 1 effects us in our everyday life's. I bet you that, you cannot go one day without hearing someone 6, or you not laughing yourself. I probably 6 about five hundred times a day, 5 not more. I love hearing people 6, 1 brightens 2 mood and also 2 day. I would most definitely say laughter is very important and beneficial for a relationship. I mean imagine the world without laughter. Boring, right? 2 advice, 6 like you heard the funniest thing in the world. 6 like there is no tomorrow. Who cares 5 people thinks its dumb. You'll feel much better after you have that tear-induced, hard to breath, silent but oh-so therapeutic 6. Laughter really is the shortest distance between people!
