 When I think of laughter, I think back to the wonder years. Although the memories are foggy, i can still recall the times where I believed friendship had no end and that laughter was the common cure to every battle. Thinking back to the 2 I was twelve, I remember 7 adventures pushing me upward towards the sky. Free spirited and lacking reality, I was an unstoppable soul. I was 2 alone though. Through adventures and explorations, I brought 7 trustworthy opponent. Her name was 1 and she was 7 best friend. 1 lived out in the country, where the grass grew tall and the land came in acres. Through forests and streams, you could find our hideaway from the world; We called 3 our wonderland. Now, the small stream with a bridge is nothing but a forgotten place. On a typical 1 1 in 3, I drove up to 2 to 1's house. Walking in her front door, I automatically smelled fresh cinnamon scones drizzled with honey. The sweet smell sent shivers up 7 spine. 1 came down the stairs and greeted me with a hug. She wore her long, dark hair in braids and was wearing a white sundress. Her brown, shimmering skin glittered against the sunlight and her dark brown eyes sent me a happy glare. I envied her with 7 heart and soul. Next to her, i was just the simple, blond girl with a blotchy skin tone. In one moment, she fled to the window and looked out at the perfect, blue ski. "1 wow, finally 2 has come along," she whispered and then exploded," 2 another day spent with grumpy, sleepless peers and no more stuffy classrooms or annoying teachers. 6.. its the first day of many!" We burst into laughter as I made fun of her poetic outburst, but we both new every word of 3 was true. Sighing, I looked at her breathtaking, dress one last time and ran out to the field in her backyard. 1 grabbed a red cardigan and followed me, holding a basket in her hand as if she were little red riding hood. I frolicked through the meadow like I was a radiant fox chasing after its pray. When I stopped for breath, i encountered the wind blowing the tall, wispy grass in rhythmic motions around me. Racing towards our secret place, I looked back only once to to find 1. As I turned towards 7 destination again, a branch met 7 vision and knocked me down painfully. Blood trickled down 7 chin and left crimson droplets of blood in the green grass. I breathed in, choking on the salty fluid and then realized she was standing there. Like a worried hare, 1 sprang to 7 side and helped me to the house. We made our way into the upstairs bathroom. Standing at her bathroom sink, I wept small tears. In the mirror I could see a belligerent looking girl with a bloody slash across her chin and red, misted eyes. The pain was 2 4 made me cry; 3 was 7 appearance that had me down. People would asked for days "4 is on your face" and "5! How did that 1 came to 7 side and squeaked, "6, how are you?"7 face turned to a bright shade of red in a way that I might explode. I turned to 1 and in one fluid breath I burst out, "8! Wonderful! Ecstatic! Before this, I had a boring, simple look going. Now, I will look even worse with this terrible blemish! I hate how gorgeous you are 1. You are exotic, distinguished and everything about you seems extremely, perfect!"7 friend just stood there and took in every word. A confused look came across her face but slowly turned to a crooked grin. Suddenly, 1 burst out into laughter. Embarrassed, I walked to the door wanting to leave that very second, but she grew silent and look hold of 7 arm. Shaking her off, I continued down the stairs. "10," she called out to me, " I'm 2 agreeing with you in anyway. 6, you 1 have a small cut across your chin, but you have always been beautiful and I feel like a simple, field mouse next to you. The way your blond, thin hair becomes perfect ringlets and the way your freckles highlight your amazing, turquoise eyes. I have always been jealous of you! That's why I'm laughing!" I took this in for a second and then erupted into laughter. Racing up the stairs, I came to her with a big, bear hug and laughed some more. Everything I had ever thought about her beauty and mine, wasn't at all relevant. Having thought this, the pain of 7 cut became apparent to me. Lee, her dad, fixed me up with his sewing skills and each stitch, I laughed along with 1 to get through the pain. Seven stitches and a nasty scar, remind me everyday that laughter gets you through the worst while 3 builds an everlasting, friendship.  
