 One day my friends and I went to a friends house and we started playing 1 box we were laughing having an awesome time. My friend 2 started telling jokes and all my friends started laughing hysterically. My friend 3 was drinking milk at that time and 5 laughed so hard that milk started coming out of his nose, that was also funny but gross at the same time. 6 was the sad one of the whole group that was there, we all asked him, 4 was 5 so sad 5 answered that 5 heard that his girlfriend wanted to break up with him. So 5 asked us how to keep her interested, and we said that 5 should tell her some jokes to make her laugh. 5 said that 5 would think about it 6 was a real funny person and a blast to hang out with, so we didn't really worry about it so much, we thought that everything would be fine. So after all that 5 left and we started hanging out in my friend, 7's living room. We were hanging out and just talking about who was the hottest girl at school. So an hour past and my friend 6 came back. 5 came and sat with us and yelled I didn't work man, I was like okay calm down, 9 happened I asked?. 5 said, she didn't think it was funny she thought that I was being dumb and just plain silly. Oh did she really say silly that's not I word i thought she knew, everyone laughed, no 6 I was just messing with you man don't get mad come on now. So 6 left after 5 yelled at me, 5 left and all of us guys started laughing I thought that 5 was just but hurt and 5 would get over it. an hour past and my phone starts ringing and I look who's calling and it 6 s ex girlfriend. Surprised I answer and I tell her that 6 wasn't with us that I would tell him to call you later, I said that because 5 would use my phone to talk to her, but then she replied that she wanted to talk to me so I was like okay so we started talking and she is telling me that she likes me... I start cracking up in laughter. She got all sad and mad at me because of me laughing. But I told that it was cool that she did so I told her I have to go and we hanged up... I couldn't help my self i started cracking up again and so that's how my day ended in laughter and it was like that all day          
