 In most stories mothers and daughters are either enemies or friends, in 13 story however, we are both enemies and friends well; at one point we were that way. Not 4 much anymore. I'm sixteen now and she's forty and were just friends, I mean she's still 13 mom and she still can punish me as her daughter as she pleases but we work it all out and laugh it off. Approximately seven months ago 13 mom moved from 4 to 1, 2 I chose to stay behind to finish high school with 13 current friends. When she moved, the way we acted with eachother would be different, and it is, we act completely different with each other we now cherish the little time we have and I'll explain how. At the beginning since as early as I can remember, 13 mother and I would always fight over the dumbest things, we never got along. And here is what I think the reason is. I'm her daughter I was born just like her, her face, hair, eyes, everything, even 13 attitude and the sound of 13 laugh. She's stubborn I'm stubborn and we both like to argue, not really with other people just with us two, but if we were to go into business together things would get done, say if we became lawyers we'd work great together because I inherited her work ethic and we both like to argue valid points. But as I grew up a bit more and we experienced traumatic times together we began to see the brighter side of life, and that just having each other around is enough to keep us from falling apart. Events in our life that we went through brought us together 1 it was all finished and done. What I mean by that, is we stopped arguing, we comforted each other when we needed comfort, we became friends, and I believe laughter had a lot to do with it. 13 mom, her name by the way is 5, once said "Laughter brings two people together as a whole, the one thing that human beings all know how to do is laugh and its something we can all share." 1 our life had settled down and we were able to live normal, like with a house and lights and a dog with a yard, things were good between us we still fought often but never as it used to be. Which would consist of throwing objects across the room at each other, like I said things are better now. We one night discovered, that laughter is something we both use to block out the things we no longer wanted to haunt us. I love to sing, 13 mother and 11 had me grow up around music like; The 2, 3, 2, 4, and many others but we would sing a song together something that only the two of us shared and it was "3're 4 5" by 3. But we would sing that specific song in the car, we would sing it in front of our family and 1 the moment was over we would laugh about it, because for once was something that only 13 mom and I shared and it was special. Laughter played a big part of who we are as people today. There are always things people do together, 13 mom grew up in a strict 6 7 home, she also had four sister's and 8 was a very serious matter. 13 mom and I went to 8 together and we always tried not to take life 4 seriously all the time, 4 while in 8 we would start 15 about some kind of ugly bug on the wall, or she would laugh at me because I would drop the prayer book on 13 foot, but we would always laugh." 10 it or I'll bring 11 12 over here and 3'll have to take an extra religion class."13 mom would say as I'm poking her or making fun of her and i would say " 14 wont make me take an extra class I'll tell him 3 started it." That's who 13 mom and I were and were still like that. Even though she moved to 2 for a new job, and 4 she could see the man she loves more often than every six months, we still talk, and like I said we laugh when we cry and boy do we cry a lot, especially on the phone when I tell her I miss her. That is the story of 13 mother and the laughter that we have shared for the last sixteen years, and to quote 1 "15 is the best calorie burner." I do believe that and 13 mom and I see it as that, 15 is the one thing we can do when we don't feel 4 hot or don't feel like ourselves, 4 yes she is correct when she states that laughter brings two people together, and it's positively true, we have a better relationship than ever.
