 When it comes down to laughter, it can change a person's thinking or even the mood that 4 are in. Laughter can be the ending result, to a bad start to a day or to greater the relationship between two people. I love to laugh because it shows how I am feeling and it keeps me happy, I not only laugh when I'm sad, but also when I'm in a great mood as well. Growing up in a world full of tragedies and war, I feel like you should always keep your head held high and the smiles flowing. Although, when life gives you lemons, you must make lemonade and keep your face with the sour look because it's funny! I think that laughter is one of the best medicines around and can fix most problems whenever you are feeling down. 2 older sister brought into this world the most amazing little nieces, an aunt could ever have. When 4 were little babies I used make silly faces, dance to 1 and watch movies with them, but this isn't what brought us closer. It was the fact that I wanted to laugh, in which made them happy too. One time, I was feeling really down and out, but I didn't want that to affect me, so I preceeded with 2 day and began to watch music videos, when "1 2 3", by 1 came on. 4 went crazy!, 4 started jumping on the bed and twirling their 3 back and forth as if 4 were 1!, 4 really stole the show. I couldn't believe before 2 eyes that this one happening, and I bursted out with so much joy. I felt so much of their joy, that I had to get up and dance with them, we jumped, we twirled, and whipped our 3 several times before the song ended with us dizzy and out of breath. After we had our fun of the music video, 4 just kept dancing and in 2 head I'm, like "don't 4 ever get tired", but I was pretty sure that their laughter brought them continouis amazement. A smile is worth a thousand words and laughter is priceless, 2 nieces really and are truly what brought me up that day. It was bitter in the start but then ended up sweet, lets just called it bittersweet. I feel like 2 nieces knew that I would be sad so 4 would say "5, what's wrong", 5 being 2 nickname because I am very short. 4 would always find a way to make me feel the need to smile and have a good time. Me and 2 neices relationship has grown to the highest extent and I know that whenever I'm with them, I will laugh. If someone once said that "laughter is the shortest distance between two people", then 4 are correct because I 1 be in a different country, state or any other area but whether we talk on the phone or actually see each other, I will laugh about all their crazy antics and the closer we become as one. 
