        Sound 1 2 someone hears something funny, said person begins to laugh. 2 the funny thing being heard was someone else laughing, the whole room begins to engage in laughter. This has happened to myself many times, but the one time I remember most, was 2 I began making strange noises. I normally make sound 1 and such 2 I'm bored and want to start a conversation, but I had never laughed and made sounds like that before. That moment changed the way I laugh today. The date was 1, it was my birthday, so I decided to have my party at 1. I invited my two best friends, 4 and 3, to tag along. We love to laugh and just have fun. So, inviting them was a no-brainer. Immediately, we decided that our favorite water slide in the park was the grand and slightly over sized 2' 3. It was a large funnel with flashing red and 15 lights inside. We went on it over, and over, and over again. The adrenaline was pumping through our veins as the ride would end and we'd leaped from the inter tube and rush to the stairs where the waiting line was held. We talked, chatted, sang, yelled, and most likely annoyed every other person in line. Then, 2 we finally got to the top of the stairs, we became in awe of the lifeguard. But, not because he was gorgeous. He looked as if he was a wee little leprechaun! We stifled a small laugh and got on the ride. 4 asked him to turn the inter tube around so that she could go down the ride backwards. He then began to talk, and we couldn't help but smirk. He began flirting with us by saying in his manly voice, "4 want me to ride down with 4 ladies?" 2 he said that, 3 was the first to break. Then me. Then 4. We couldn't hold it in anymore. He then awkwardly cackled and pushed the inter tube down the slide. We were laughing so hard that we weren't even paying attention to the ride. Then it hit me. "That dude looks like 1 1!!" I screamed to 3. 2 the ride ended, we thought for a second. Then undoubtedly went again. Truth be told, he 8 look like 1. We began laughing again throughout the ride, up until I made a strangely abnormal sound. I made a noise that sounded as if a pig had just had it's tail yanked. It was almost a shriek, but more of a squeal. 6 just happened? 8 I seriously just...just...9?! Note: A best friend will always be there for 4, especially 2 4 8 something embarrassing. It's their job to poke fun at one's strangeness. So of course, 4 was the first to say, "6 the heck was that?" 7 followed by 3's expression of, "8 4 just 9?" That's 2 we began to laugh and then I started making even more unusual noises. I started squealing, snorting, and hiccuping. We were still laughing at my crazy squel 2 we got off the inter tube. Later after we had our fill of the 2' 3, 4 decided we should go in the wave pool. Of course, 3 and I agreed. The speaker system in the area started blaring the song "11" by 2. 3 is my go-to-gal 2 it comes to breaking out in song. She began singing, then we all joined in. But 2 it got to the chorus, "I throw my hands up in the air sometimes..." we all said, "I throw my banana in the air sometimes..." "12 my 13, we should totally make a song of our own." 4 said. We began thinking of different lyrics we could say in our song. At first, we knew exactly 6 to say to fill in the chorus, then we decided that the song needed more lyrics. That was harder to think up. But, then we decided that we should make the song about food and the way we eat it. We had so much fun. Eventually, we came up with the entire song and people were staring at us as we screamed it to the world. Then, the terible noise arrived again. 4 began to laugh, then 3 and I joined in harmony, then a rude interruption by my 9. 4 and 3 continued to laugh at my sound 1. I joined in with them, laughing at myself. That night we went to bed, humming the tune of our new song, "14 15" out loud. Now, whenever we hang out, we begin to sing our song, and sometimes, even dance! People still look at us strange, but then we just start laughing, and I start making sound 1.
