          Laughter: The 1 to 2 Laughter, they say, is the best medicine. We all know that every relationship needs a heaping dosage of medicine every once and a while. 3 younger brother, 1, and I, we have a pretty good relationship. Sometimes we argue, other times we can get along like we are the best of friends. When we were going to the same school together, I would go out of 3 way to say hi to 3 brother. Almost every time I would get shut down and ignored, by 3 own brother. 1 is going to be a freshman next year and I will be a junior, so we will be attending high school together. One night, at the dinner table, 3 family was discussing what the change would be like with both children in high school. I brought up the fact that 1 never says hi to me or even waves at me and how I didn't really appreciate it. Some how we got to talking about how he would be known as 1's brother because I am so awesome. The next thing I know 1 blurted out, "yeah, 1, I'm going to embarrass you because I am so butt-ugly." 3 parents and I looked at each other and instantly started laughing and couldn't stop! When we had semi regained our composure, we asked 1 why he would say something like that about himself. 1 said he didn't really know why he said that, he thought it would be funny. Yes, 1, it was!! It was 3 turn to pray for dinner that night. As much and as hard as I tried to compose myself long enough to pray, I couldn't do it. Every time I thought I had pulled myself together again, I would start busting up yet again. After a while, 3 parents asked me what was wrong. I replied, "I was going to ask 4 to make 1 more beautiful so he wouldn't embarrass me." I started laughing so hard that I was crying. I couldn't see anything because the tears had blurred 3 vision. Now, after what I said, it took me twice as long to control 3 laughter. 3 parents calmed down before I did, so 3 mom had to pray because I couldn't contain myself. The whole time 3 mom was praying, I had to clamp 3 hand over 3 mouth to keep from laughing. 3 grip was so hard that it made 3 teeth hurt. That night I think 3 whole family got a few spoonfuls of medicine. Probably enough to last us another week or so. I can't wait until I get 'sick' again and need another serving of medicine! 
