 It was a day like any other. I was going to chess club to challenge the board one holder. I had never piercingly met him for I was new to the club, but I knew that if I didn't play 7 best I would lose. I entered the room hoping to see that the holder was not there, 2 was. 2 had on a blue baseball cap, a blue t-shirt, a pair of blue jeans, and a pair of black shoes. His hair was as dark as his shoes and looked as if 2 had not brushed it in years, his skin was very pale I wondered how 2 could go out in sun with out some way to block it. The board was set up and ready, 1 was the clock. the clock had an hour on each side. I walked up to him, 2 didn't even seem to notice me until I spoke, "1 12 guna beat me fast. I know I'm guna lose." 2 just sat there, staring at me like I had insulted him. "1," 2 scoffed, "your the kid they think can beat me." "I guess. I never really thought about it." I was unsure as to why that would mater, but I was playing him, 1 I was absolutely sure that it was or was going to mater very soon. "4 please take 12 seat 1 we can begin the matches!" the coach called out, "5, we all know the rules, the black player 1 start the white 4 clocks. No talking." "1." I said, "your name is what." "7 name is 8." I hit the clock. Expecting him to be like lightning and move, I moved 7 piece. Bad move. 2 called and pointed out that I had moved a piece when it was not 7 turn. The coach came up to the clock and pressed some buttons, 2 didn't even look like 2 cared about the game and if a board ten holder could beat a board one holder. When 2 set the clock down the clock showed fifty to fifty five. I was already down on time and the game hadn't even really began. 8 picked up the kings bishops pawn and moved it up one square. 2 hit the clock like lightning. That was wired 2 moved the weakest piece on the board. I had to stop and think for a vary long time or what felt like it. I looked over at the clock to see how I was doing on time. It was terrible I had been sitting there for about ten minutes and I hadn't even moved one lousy piece. 1 I picked up 7 king's pawn and moved up two squares hopping 2 wouldn't do anything that could hurt 7 in 13 game. I hit 7 clock. We sat there for what must have been half an hour. 1 I got up and went to the bathroom. When I came back I checked on how the other 4 were doing. Only one game was done it was 1 and a kid I didn't know. I asked who won, it was the kid I didn't know as odd as that was I had to get back to 7 game. 2 still hadn't moved, for a minute I thought 2 was having a problem breathing. 2 let out a yawn and moved his king's knight's pawn up two squares and hit the clock. That was weird, 2 just did fools 10. I didn't think for a minute, I piked up 7 queen and brought it all the way to one square in front of his rook pawn. I said "9 10." in a loud voice. 2 started to laugh, at first I was confused for I beat him.Then 2 said,"I do 13 with every one I play for the first time, 13 opening."2 started to laugh again, 13 time I joined him we both were laughing because I beat him. Then 2 said, "12 are the first one to see that they could win in the first two." That surprised me I thought that 2 won all the time when really 2 had been giving people games and the didn't know it. We started to laugh again, the coach came over and saw that I won 2 said good job and walked away. 8 said, "13 is the start of a new beginning I can quit board one now for there is someone who can beat me." 2 walked up to the coach and must have told him that 2 wanted me on board one for now I'm on board one and 7 new friend, 8 is there with me on board two.  
