       Whats Laughter!How many friends do you really have? What relationships do you have with others? Well, I'm in high school and I usually don't have that many friends. But I have a few and one of my friends 4 friends with someone that I truly love. (1 didn't know that) 2 year I was a freshmen and i went to the church with some of my friends and their was an 1 grader that fell in the pond/water and I wasn't sure 20 1 was 3 or not so I end up coming up to him and asked.Me; 4 you 3?, do you need some help?1 said; 6, its 3 I just sprained my ankle.Me; 3, see you later then.Him. Later thanks for asking though.me; 9 sure, 6 problem! The next year when I'm a sophomore I didn't realized that 1 was going to be their as a freshmen! his name is 11 I was starting to hang out with him more because 1 was really funny and sweet. We went to the 12 ball together and our other friends were their but i was worried about of some stuffs but 1 made it butter because at that time i was afraid that my ex was their. 11 was their to help me and I also didn't know how to dance and their was a song that was on and I didn't realized that i was dancing until 1 told me that I was so after was dancing with him I end up asking him 20 I can dance with one of our friends and 1 said a was able too so me and 1 ends up dancing and 1 was their when I needed him. We end up heading outside and I called 13 14 to be picked up. So, in the mean time, we were outside waiting for her. We were laughing at some jokes that we 15 said to each other. Like one was that 1 15 some thing in his 15 and acted like that it was a wand of some sort to the school building and 15 asked like that it was changed to a gingerbread house. Just about a week ago I end up sneaking up behind him and scared him so bad that I end up laughing and 1 was too. Because 1 usually doesn't get freaked out like that, and 1 told me that 1 is going to get me back and I'm starting to freak out from me not knowing what it 1 be. 11 is a great help when i need him! The thing about laughter in life is that you would need eat ether way your upset or not in the mood.The main thing that was funny from my family is that we prank each other; like my sister would step out of the room and her soda is in the room that I'm in she still 15 about half of soda in the can their was mustard on the table and she hates mustard form the taste of it but my dad was thinking the same thing that I was wanting to do and that was to put a little bit of mustard in her soda. When she came back to the room I was smiling and my dad was looking at me also my 17. My sister ends up having some of the soda and she was looking at my 14 and was like;16, who put mustard in my soda? My 17, 18, 14 and myself was laughing and she hates mustard!, 20 it was something that I didn't like and that was put in my soda I would've done this too. So, mostly I'm trying to say is that their is some laughter that is funny. not all laughter is not funny. Its butter 20 you don't prank people that is close to your heart because they 1 get mad at you. Like my sister, 2 was mad at me when it wasn't me it was my dad's idea.
