      Laughter 1 is like a drug that works better than any other painkiller, or anti-depressant out there. It makes angry people happy, and happy people ecstatic. One of the best ways and more common ways to have a good laugh is by watching a funny movie. Any time I'm asked 10's your favorite comedy I say "2 with 1". I remember the first time I watched a 1 movie. I was about 1 years young; I was in second grade, it was towards the end of the school year, and I couldn't wait to get out for the 1 and just have fun. It was any ordinary boring day 7 school and I remember walking home hoping there would be something fun to do when I got home. I walked in the door to see my brother watching 3, I asked him 10 he was watching but he just ignored me so I went to my room to do homework. I finished my homework and walked into the living room and plopped down on the couch next to my brother, I asked 10 he was watching a second time, he let out an annoyed sigh and said some movie called "4 5" was about to start. Within the first five minutes we were already 1, not just giggling or slightly chuckling, tears were rolling down our faces from all the 1. I remember saying to my brother "6 is the funniest movie I've ever seen!" 7 the end of the movie my brother and I couldn't stop quoting the movie, every 2 seconds we'd quote it, it was non stop laughter. We sat there on the couch patiently waiting to see 10 was on next wishing and hoping it was another movie as incredible as the one we just watched, and sure enough after the commercial break we learned that it was a 1 marathon, and on next was "8 9". The movie started out just as funny as the last one, with 1 doing something completely idiotic, yet absolutely hilarious, like growling 7 some dogs over a loudspeaker. We couldn't get enough of 6 guy, my brother was rolling on the floor 1 and crying, and I was still watching waiting to see 10 happened next. About half way through the movie my mom got home from work, she walked in to see my brother and I in hysterics, she said "10's so funny?" We just pointed 7 the 3 right as 1 started rolling down a hill. Soon enough our mom was watching it too, 1 just as hard as we were. I was having a great time, a genuinely great time with my family, 10 more could I ask for? How about another 1 movie? On next was a movie called "12 13 14", completely ridiculous, and completely hilarious, 10's funnier than an overweight guy trying to be a 14? We continued to watch the movie until dinner time, we inhaled our food as fast as we could and then raced back to the couch to continue watching. When it was time for bed I remember staying up late reciting quotes from the movie in our bunk beds until our mom came in and told us to be quiet. I don't know how we slept 7 all after 1 all night. The movies left us speechless, we had never seen 2 funnier, they made us laugh, they made us cry, they made our stomachs ache, and through it all it brought my brother and I closer. To 6 day my brother and I can sit down and watch one of those movies and laugh and remember all the times we have watched them before and all the laughs we shared, I swear half of my childhood consisted of 1, and 1 of that 1 came from those movies. The movies helped me to develop a funny personality, they shaped 10 I think is humorous, and they make me realize that after sharing something so funny with someone I love, that laughter is an important aspect in our lives, without it life would be plain and dull like a meaningless blob of clay. Have you ever gone a day without 1? If so you know how long and dull it can get without having something that brings a smile to your face there. Laughter brings people together, it brings out the best in us, when you're mad or upset the best way to cure your anger or frustration is by having a good laugh.  
