 My high school 1 basketball team isn't the best team, but the one thing that we do have, is the ability to make each other laugh. At the start of 1 the school held try outs and the teams were decided. After graduating seniors and some players not coming out, or team was brand new. Full with all different ages of players. we all were civil with each other at practices but we weren't all best friends that wanted to hang out outside of practice. The 1 team decided to take a retreat to the beach and stay 2 for a weekend. When we went to leave to the beach our phones were taken and we had assigned seats in the cars. This trip seemed like it was going to be a long one with out my phone. We arrived at the house 1. As we all found somewhere to relax, shower or sleep myself and most of the team ended up in the living room conversing with the coaches. we all sat on the floor recalling stories about the game from that 1 or funny stories from our past. By the time we finished telling stories it had reached 2 and everyone in the house was either tired or hungry. As we sat on the floor complaining about tiredness or hunger we all started to turn our attention to 1. 1 was starting to go on a tirade about how hungry she was. In her opinion she thought the house we were staying in should of already been stoked with food for us for when we got 2, but 2 was no food. As she continued on her rant she became more and more mad which made us laugh harder and harder. Finally she reached her point. "2's no steak or chicken up in these mother freak-in cabinets." 1 proclaimed. At that point the coaches and players started laughing uncontrollable. 1 didn't understand why it was so funny, but we kept laughing and laughing at the fact that she just said that 2 should be steak and chicken in the cabinets. The outburst of laughter continued on for the next five to ten minutes. When we finally started to calm down 2 came down stairs. She had missed everything that had happened and as we went to fill her in 1 stopped us. "2 4 up on the counter and look in the cabinet," 1 said. 2 hesitantly got up on the counter and slowly started to open the cabinet. When she opened the cabinet she looked inside and all she could see was chips. She turned around and looked at 1. "3?" asked 2. As she turned to 1, 1 just sat 2 smiling. Then she finally answered the question. "4 me some of those chips right 2!" 1 said. Everyone in the room started laughing as 2 was so confused to why she was asked to 4 on a counter just so she could 4 1 chips, who had been sitting next to the counter the whole 1. The whole basketball team started laughing again. 2 got down from the counter but with no chips in hand. We all continued laughing and kept talking about 3 had just happened for the next 1 minutes. As everyone finally started to settle into their beds for the 1 2 were still those moments of "5 when this was said", and "5 when she did this". That first 1 that we spent at the beach did more for us then we realized. By going to the beach and making memories together we were brought together by two common things. The love for basketball, and most of all the ability to be able to come together as a team all because of the memories we shared that 1 in the kitchen. Today we still 4 on each others nerves and sometimes we lose our tempers with another but, we will always laugh about the crazy things that happened on the trip but the thing we laugh about the most is 3 happened that 1 in the kitchen. 
