       Laughter 1 2 3 4 1 your little, your exactly that, little. You look up at everyone with not a faint clue of 6 to do anything. Now, this is usually 1 your parents step in. They feed, and love and take care of you, but 4 importantly, they teach you what you need to know. Growing up I've learned that you need to help others, not just yourself. One way I find easy for me to help others is with laughter. Laughter isn't something that just effects the people around you, 2 also effects you. You can ask anyone if once in they're life anyone has ever made a difference by making them laugh. Or could have made a difference my making them laugh. 4 will be able to think of a time this has happened, some 1 not. Though I know for a fact, someone has made a difference in my life just by making me giggle. For instance, I remember a day 1 I had felt so alone and forgotten. I felt used, betrayed even. Growing up I knew my friends as a second family. They were always there for me. Though like 4 kids we fought, but by the end of the day everything was backed to normal. People say, "6 come I never noticed 6 easy I had 2 1 I was little? I thought I had 2 bad then?" 7 2 doesn't matter 6 the problems change its all the same. 2 still hurts to fight with friends. You still have days you feel horribly alone, but your not quite sure why. One of those days where the littlest thing seem to cut the deepest. This day was one of those kind of days. Now see, I was young then; I was only in the third grade, and my best friend had been a girl named 1. I don't remember exactly what we had fought over, but I do remember 6 if felt. I remember walking in the classroom, near tears by then. I'd dealt with 1 being so cruel before, but whatever she had said that day had really hurt me. I was always the first in the classroom, I'm not sure exactly 6 I was, but I always was. In my seat I sat down and didn't move. My brain had taken me to my own little world of sorrow. That's 1 she asked me what was wrong. Even as a child I hated 2 1 people I didn't really know asked me if I was okay. 2 embarrassed me, for 2 was just another reminder that I was showing weakness to people who probably didn't care. Though this time 2 was different, and in a weird way 2 helped. I explained to my teacher what had happened in a rush of tears and details. What really made a difference is that after everything, my teacher tried to comfort me and make me feel better, she made me laugh. Whatever exactly I had told her, her response didn't just make me feel better, but made me realize 2 wasn't that big of a deal. I giggled for a while to myself, and by the time everyone was in the class I was happy. At the end of the day me and 1 were back to being best friends. My teacher honestly did me a favor. As a kid your vulnerable. You don't look at the world as a harsh, unforgivable place. That's why people turn out like they do. Its all about the environment they grew up around. I believe I was changed by that small effort. That one little joke made me realize everything's going to get better in the long run. Laughter's been important to me ever since. I helped me realize the effect you have on people. Even at a small age you still can make a difference. Since then I've used what my teacher had taught me. I learned that sometimes, even if you couldn't make them laugh, smile or just be happy; the fact that you tried really made the difference. Laughing is important. 2 changes people, no matter what the age.
