   10 1 9 my 2! Laughter, you need it to survive in this world. Someone should laugh at least ten times a day. Have you ever heard, it takes more muscles to frown than to smile? Well, I believe that it is true. It's more convenent to be happy than being sad. According to me. In 2, my family was living in 1, 1. My mom and dad had 1 baby girls, before my brother and I were born. It was a beautiful snowy morning on 1... Christmas! My sister, 1 in a bright yellow dress was 13 excited to be getting presents and cake! As soon as 6 opened a big battery powered monster truck, her beautiful clear blue eyes got as big as watermelons! 1 walked over steddily, and climbed into the huge truck. There was only one problem, 6 couldn't reach the pedals. Everyone stood there, silent... then they started busting up laughing because 1 awkwardly looked like 6 was dancing in the truck beacuse 6 was trying to reach the pedals. Then my mom said, "3 someone should go help 1 get going on the truck." 4 that was probably the worst idea ever! My 2 is 2 years old, and about 3 pounds, and not in the best shape. 6 said annoyed, "5 I'll help 1." 6 rolled up off the couch and stood by 1 and the truck. My dad was giggling in the background. My 2 said seriously,"I need a stick or something to push on the "go" pedal." 6 went and found a long stick outside in the snow. They decided that they should try it outside because 1 wanted to feel the chilling wind on her baby soft face as 6 was riding in the truck. 13 my mom bundled up 1 in 1 jackets, gloves, and a beanie. Somehow they got on top of a 5 foot snowy, and slippery hill we live on. My 2 pushed down on the "go" pedal and it went forward 4 the front tires got caught on her long dress 6 was wearing and ran her over! The next thing we know, 6 is tumbling down the hill screaming on the top of her lungs! That's when her red flowered dress flew up and we could see her tong. My sister said loudly,"That's gross 2!" 9 just some minor bruises and scratches my 2 was 5. That was the 10 1 9 my 2 ever! I watched it on the 11 video. We 1 put that video on the "10 11 12." 13 if you see it, just remember me chuckling in the back of her head. 13 remember, you should always laugh or smile more than frown or be mad. Laughter, is the key to a happy life!
