 Do you ever have those weekends when you hang out your best friend and just spend the whole time laughing? Many people don't get the chance to have a day filled with laughter because they don't have people to laugh with. In my case I am always laughing and always surrounded with people that never stop laughing. My best friend is one of the funniest people I know. I could be in the worst of moods and 14 always knows how to put a smile on my face. 1 and I hang out all the time. Every time we 11 together we 11 constantly laughing to the point to where we cant breathe. One day we were both just having a rough day. All the drama with friends and boyfriends was putting so much weight on our shoulders. I was sitting at home on the couch when I get a phone call from 1. "1 11 you doing today?" 1 asked. "2 just sitting at home watching movies. You?" I replied "3 i am having a bad day, would you wanna come over or something?" 1 said in an upset tone. "4. Hold on, let me ask." I said as I was running to my parents room. My parents of course said yes. About an hour later I got picked up by 5 dad. When I got in the car I could just tell by the way 14 looked that 14 was having a bad day and just needed to have some fun. When we got back to her house we went in her room and started talking. About five minutes after the conversation had started we were both crying like babies because of the problems that were going on. we weren't only crying because of sad things. There was a point in the conversation where we were laughing so hard that we started to cry again. 1 and I could sit there for hours and laugh to the point where there was no stopping us. 3 that day was the day. 5 dad walked in the room because of all the noise. "1 is going on in here?" 7 asked with a stern voice. "8 dad." We said still laughing. "9 then." 7 replied with a really confused face walking out of the room. Closing the door behind him. That made us laugh even harder. We were laughing so hard that 1 fell off of her bed. "11 you 9!" I tried asking but it didn't really come out because I was laughing so hard. All 1 could do was roll on the floor laughing. 13 you knew 1 you would know that once 14 gets going 14 thinks that everything in the universe is funny, literally. The rest of the night we just sat on her bed and talked about everything. Stuff that either happened two years ago or just happened that week. I remember her telling me a story about when 14 lived somewhere else and it was seriously the funniest story i have ever heard. I've been best friends with her for three years now and I never get sick of her. Some people that hang out with 1 and I don't really understand why half the stuff we say is funny. A few months ago we were hanging out with some friends and all of the sudden 1 screamed, "12 on my finger!" 13 you were to just hear that from someone you would 2 be disgusted but when 14 screamed that I started laughing so hard my stomach hurt. One time when we were sitting in her room 14 wanted to paint my nails and 14 picked this ugly brownish gold color. 14 started to paint my nails. "1 it looks like i have 12 on my finger!" I said in a loud voice. "I think it looks very nice." 14 replied with this certain smile on her face. Ever since that night 12 on my finger has always been our inside joke. 1 and I have the funnest times together. Times that you can only have with a best friend. The hours we spend just sitting there laughing over the simplest things you couldn't do with anyone else. I am so thankful to have someone that I can share all this laughter with. Remember, you 11 lucky that you have people that can make you laugh. Like I said not everyone has that person in there life.
