 The snow shimmered in the sunlight like sequins. 1 and I rushed to her bedroom window to get a better look. A blanket of white covered the ground. Quickly we strapped ourselves into air-restricting snowsuits. She opened the wooden front door and the chilly air stung my nose. 6 we hurried out into any 1 graders paradise. 1 and I had both been through some rough times in the past few months. I shielded myself from the fact that recently my muscular brown horse was put to death by a giant bolt of light and a loud thunder clap. 1 had just learned her parents were getting a divorce. Being best friends, we had been through a trail of tears that year, but all was forgotten when our legs hit the cold wet snow. We raced to her garage in panic to find sleds. As we ran through the house to the back door we were stopped by 1's short tan mom. She refused to let us go outside until we ate breakfast. We chomped down a bowl of the always tasty 2 3 and gulped down a tall glass of juice. 6 we flew out the back door with our sleds. There the giant hill waited for us. It slopped downward in a perfect 2 degree angle with only a few turns. The wood piles and thorny blackberry bushes that lined our sledding course taunted us. As my eyes wandered down the path of snow I heard 1 yell, "5!" 6 I saw her whipping her way down the slope. I grabbed my red racer sled and took off after her. I approached my first turn. It hooked around left like the start of a figure eight. With ease I glided around the corner and saw a snapshot of the woodpile that sat on my right. I looked up to see the old pond at the bottom of the hill. The sun shone through slivers of the trees surrounding it like moonlight dancing on ice. Confidently I approached my second turn. I spun around the corner sharply. I stared up ahead to see 1's bright blue sled reaching the finish line. That was when my eyes caught a glimpse of her neighbors bay horse and all my happiness floated away. As I got lost in my thoughts about 1, I also lost focus. My shoulders hit the snow as if it were concrete. My legs tangled into knots and I could feel my head pounding. The sled had abandoned me. I tumbled down the hill like an avalanche. Eventually, the kind hands of a blackberry bush reached out to stop me. The thorns stabbed my neck. Carefully, I plucked each thorn from my neck and retreated to the bottom of the hill by foot. By the time I reached my final destination, 1 couldn't breath. With her head buried in the snow, her abs were bouncing up and down with the rhythm of her laugh. She looked up at me, her bright green eyes and flushed pink cheeks told me how silly I had looked tumbling down the hill. She started to laugh one last time when a giant snot bubble burst out of her nostril. She started to crack up and I fell to the ground in a burst of laughter. I couldn't look at her anymore. Every time I glanced in her direction it became even more funny. I nudged my head into the snow just as she had done earlier. Finally when we had ourselves under control we looked up at each other. Our mascara was smeared around our eyes and down our cheeks. We resembled either clowns with a horrible makeup job or strange looking raccoons. Our laughs started to grow again, but quickly died down. Together we stood up. We spotted my bright red sled down by the frozen pond. "9 like a nice hike," I said. 6 we both started on our journey through the forest to retrieve it. When I came shooting down the hill like a meteor, and she shot that snot bubble out of her nose like a rocket ship, I forgot everything. It was the first time in months that both of us felt at ease with our hardships. Laughter is the biggest connection we have with each other. When I laughed, my mind shut out the whole world. On snow days we now laugh to remember that cold 2 day, but on that 1 day we were laughing to forget. 
