 Have you ever laughed so hard that you started crying? Were you alone? Most of the time when you are laughing about something you are with someone else. I believe that laughter brings two people closer because it's something you guys both share, a moment you and that other person can think of and picture over and over again in the future. Even if that person is miles away. I can remember it as if it just happened a couple weeks ago. I had just finished a conversation with 3 mom. I went into 3 room and unplugged 3 little black phone from the charger. I opened it and a blinking light flickered saying "1 missed calls from 1." I called her back to apologize for missing her phone call. I heard someone pick up, but nobody talked on the other end. " 1, 1 you there?" I had asked hoping I would get a reply out of her. I sure got a reply just not the one I was wanting. She started bawling. Trying to catch her breathe, the words barely escaping her mouth. "2, 3 grandpa just died." 3 heart sank into 3 stomach. 3 eyes started to water up and 3 throat started to close, making it harder to breathe. 3 voice was all shaky and rough. I said, "I'm sorry 1." and I started crying. Us both crying wasn't make anything better anytime soon. She then had explained that he had a heart attack and asked me how something could happen to someone that didn't deserve it. I didn't have an answer to give her though. I had never been in the position she was in. Who was I to know what to say, or do to help her? So I thought hard of what to say to her that would clear her mind a little bit. 3 brain started hurting when I finally found something from the heart to tell her, something I would want to hear if 3 grandpa passed away. I said in a low calming voice, "there isn't much I can tell you because I don't know from experience, but you're family needs you right now as much as you need them. Think about the good times you had with you're grandpa 4. The laughs you guys enjoyed together. I heard a slight giggle underneath her sniffling. She started telling me a story about how every year her family would take a weekend beach trip. How it was a time for her family to bond and how she would miss it. When she told me that story 3 heart warmed and the corners of 3 mouth went up a little. I was proud of myself for sticking in there and being strong for 3 friend. Even though 1 will never see her grandpa 4 again she will always have him with her. Through memories, with in her heart, and by laughter.
