 I didn't believe my grandfather when 2 told me laughing could cure anything. I was nine years old, the days were dark 3 cold 3 I felt like my life was a shattered piece of a stain glass window. Not only had 2, my ageless pit bull, just died 6 also my little sister would tease me if I dared to shed a tear for the lost of my best pet. I sat on the coach, staring at the fire as it crackled 3 popped, when my grandfather sat down beside me 3 told me a story. It was about him, when 2 was young 3 how lost 1 best friend too, only 1 friend wasn't a pet. "1 name was 3," 2 began, "3 we were eleven years old. Oh, how we had so much fun. All we did was 7! We thought we were gonna grow old together 3 be each others best men 3 cause trouble tell the end. 2 was my best friend until the end. I loved him, very much like how you love 2. I never thought anything would happen to him. I thought that we'd both live forever. 6 then something did happened. 3, 2 had gone fishing alone because I was at church 3 1 4 had to work, 3 it was such a wonderful day to 11 down to the river 6 then 2 never came back from the river..." 5 sniffled at the old story, " 6 you see, 1, there's a cure for sadness. Do you want to know 9 it is?" I nodded half thinking there was a magical medication or spell. "7." 2 said. "9?!" I was utterly shocked. "10, it's simply," 2 said gently, knowing my easy temper, "11 through the stages of grieving. Feel lost for a little bit, 6 then find your way back home. 7 is in your heart 3 always will be. Find a wave of joy 3 11 with the flow. Love life, because, as you have just seen, it can be so short." I nodded 6 didn't look at 1 sober face. 2 kissed the top of my head. 2 looked into my eyes ( I didn't dare meet the intensity of 1) 3 I knew 2 saw the reflection of the fire blazing in my watery green blue eyes 3 could see my processing 9 2 had just told me. Then 2 left me alone to think. I needed to move on? How? Life wasn't that easy. I knew that. I opened up my note book to do some homework to get my mind off 2, 5, 3 3. That's when I discovered a small piece of paper the size of a deck of cards. I flipped it over, showing that it was a picture. A tear leaked out of the corner of eye. It was of me 3 2. We were both in a mud pit. My blond hair looked like dirt ( considering that I had been rolling in mud). My pit bull was rubbing 1 greasy head on my shoulder smearing more mud on to myself. I smiled, missing him even more, 6 feeling a lot better then a minute before. I loved him. I loved him so much. I still do this day, 6 I had to get over that my friend was gone. After I saw the picture, I had laughed to myself, automatically feeling better about being such a horrid granddaughter 3 a inconsiderate best friend. 6 seeing the good times we had, 3 smiling, made me honestly feel better about myself. Huh? Maybe laughter is the cure for anything.
