 Many have heard that laughing makes you live longer. I don't know if this is true but I can believe it. When I laugh I feel lighter, my stress load lightens, 1 I am able to see the world with different eyes. This change in myself is more evident sometimes than others, such as if before the miracle of laughter I was feeling overworked, worn out, or sad. It is my belief that having people to make you laugh is essential to living a fulfilling life, 1 I am grateful that my days are filled with great friends 1 funny memories. One of the things that must be present in any relationship is humor; you must be able to make each other laugh. I have had multiple times with my two best friends, 1, when we simply couldn't stop laughing. I deeply cherish all the time we spend alone together because I know that I will leave feeling happy, with a smile on my face, with many good stories to tell. One of these occasions was 1's birthday party the 1 before last. 1 wanted a small party with just the people closest to her there, so 1 1 I were the only ones invited. We live a tiny, cute town, however, there isn't much to do in the area of parties. Because of this, everyone ends up going to 1, just half an hour away. It was a blistering 1 day 1 we wanted to show off our tans, so of course 1 started her party off with a float on the meandering 2 river. That's when the laughing began. Three twelve year old girls drifting down a river by themselves with a giant beach ball (early birthday present) that was promptly dubbed 3, what could be so funny? One of the things that makes our friendship so important to preserve is how we find humor in every situation when we are together. They thought it was hilarious that I have an irrational fear of seaweed (or river weed, or pond weed, or any type of water weed for that matter ) 1 that I would yelp or full out scream every time that some touched me. I thought it was fantastic that 1 just couldn't hold on to her sandals, 1 would end up making wild dives for them as they floated away. We both thought the way 1, the 4 that she is, was reluctant to get wet was preposterous. 1, naturally, we pushed her in numerous times. These are the things that make our relationship so special. We can be serious for each other when needed, 1 no one will disrespect my friends 1 get away with it, but when we are together, I can let my guard down 1 can be myself. My goofy, irrational, apparently hilarious self, 1 still have fun. Our laughter can even change how a situation is going to progress. For example, after we were done on the river, 1 1 1 1 I went to 1 for an afternoon of music 1 food. We all got enormous ice cream cones, the best money can buy. My friends had already finished theirs, 1 were playing with 3 a few yards away. I was just about to take another heavenly lick of my waffle cone when the 3 the ball flies over 1 knocks all the ice cream right out of my cone! I was left with a completely intact cone, but all of the good stuff was on the ground. Needless to say, I was devastated. Who knows what would have happened if 1 1 1 hadn't started laughing. Maybe I would have teared up, or sulked for an hour or two. However, my face was just so comical, staring in disbelief at the empty cone, that they just couldn't help but laugh. They fell on the grass, in hysterics. Even through my disappointment I started cracking up as well, 1 then everything seemed okay. Laughter is the shortest distance between two people, or three in my case. My two best friends make me laugh like no other people I have ever met, 1 I suspect I will never meet anyone else that makes me feel as they do. This laughter we have makes us feel better. It helps us relax 1 let our guard down, so the times after we laugh together is often when we confide in each other the most. If one of us is feeling down, or is under the weather, laughter is the sure fire way to get them back on their feet 1 smiling. Even simply being with them makes me feel more exuberant, lets me abandon my troubles. This is why laughter is so important to the the three of us. Whenever we laugh, our relationship builds. It is the good times we have had that help us through the bad times, 1 I know that our good times wouldn't have been so good were it not for the way we can laugh together.
