 I rested my back on the cool steel of the lockers trying to ease my nerves. "1 game is everything we have worked for- every excruciating practice, every tedious drill, and every game film we have studied down to the minutia. It was all to prepare us for tonight. 7 we lose tonight, everything we have worked was for nothing." I listened attentively as 1, our team captain, spoke. The words she chose for our pre-game speech were straight to the point, and anything but sugar coated. As I glanced around the locker room it was easy to observe that everyone one of my teammates was anxious. Emilie was vigorously chewing what was left of her nails, while 1 preferred to show her uneasiness by the constant tapping of her foot. 1 finished her speech, and with the break of our huddle we entered the gymnasium. The stands were packed with familiar faces of our small town. In a small section of the stands there was a group of people wearing colors not native to our school. 1 brutal reminder brought my attention back to warm ups. The twenty minutes we had for warm ups seemed to last no longer than two minutes. The announcer began to state our starting line up, but it was no use. The roar of the crowd overpowered the speaker system. It seemed as 7 everyone from our town of five thousand was attending the game. Not an empty space was left in the bleachers. The bench vibrated from the stomping and clapping of the crowd, threatening with every shake to collapse. The starting five for each team walked out to the center of the court for tip off. With the loss of the tip off our team was quickly put under pressure. From the first possession of the game we were chasing our opponent. The first two quarters ended with a dead even score. Feeling discouraged my team regrouped in the locker room for 2 time. We entered the locker room a moment before my 3. I took 1 opportunity to 2 around at the expressions' of my teammates. Nothing, but disappointment and fear crossed their face's. My 3 opened the door, and I instinctively braced myself for the throwing of keys against the wall, or the smash of the clip board. My team had witnessed these acts of rage countless times before. To my surprise, my 3 entered with complete poise and composure, as 7 our first 2 of treacherous play didn't phase him. We were not yelled at, or criticized. Instead, he rubbed his eyes, face down and shoulders hunched over. His belly began to shake, shortly followed by his shoulders. My first hypothesis was that he was crying, but then to my amazement, I heard the soft chuckle of our 3. Soon that soft chuckle metamorphosised into a stomach thrusting, loud cackle. My team exchanged confused glances, and waited for my 3's explanation in anticipation. "2 at yourself!" 3 4 ordered. "5 are all more tentative than when I asked 2 out to my first dance!" We could always rely on 3 for an unrelated metaphor. Even 7 it wasn't related to basketball, the point was clear. "7 5 guys would just believe in yourself the way I believe in 5, 1 game would be a blow out! Instead, 5 are playing like a bunch of bunny foo-foos!" We all laughed with the thought of playing like the nursery rhyme we had hear so frequently when we were children. The speech 3 4 gave eased us all. The confident team we should have been from the start of the match was now prepared to win the 2. To think that 1 confidence came from just one comforting laugh seemed almost improbable. The whistle blew to start the 2. We played with such assertiveness and confidence that 7 5 were to compare one 2 with the other, it would 2 like two different teams. We grasped the lead early in the 1, and sustained it for the rest of the game. The victory of that night's game lead us one round deeper into the state tournament. As I walked back to the locker room I glanced around the massive gym. I looked at: the crowd, score board, opponents, referees and news reporters. I realized how easy it is to get caught up everything that shouldn't effect 5. All the distractions easily make 5 forget the main purpose of why 5 play the game. Occasionally we need reminders, like the calming laugh of 3 4. Without that reassuring laugh, my team never would have united, and defeated our opponent.
