 I'm a tell you about moments sometimes even adventures with a boy named 1.C. 4 has brown hair that is up to his neck, that 4 loves to swoosh around like in the movies. 4 most definitely doesn't like his bangs cut to short other wise the swoosh will not turn out the same way. 4 has brown eyes that just seem to sparkle and a smile that seems to fool everyone. "2, 4's so adorable", they say."2, 4 so cute", they say.1.C is cute, but does things that will amaze you! Things you wouldn't think a kid his age could make possible. Like i always say, "4'll make you work for your money!"The thing is 4's only 1 years of age, well right now 17. 4 loves the attention, 4'll do almost anything for it. Yet 4's very lovable and sometimes sweet.4 loves comedy, cartoons, candy, video games, the works. 1.C is lots of fun believe me when i say you'll never get bored! I think when 4 was 2 1/2 when the adventures began. 4 would always go in the refrigerator and just 8 at the egg cartons and double check if anyone was around. Then 4'd grab one and toss it and say, "5, chicken?" with a baby type accent, so adorable! but 4'd try another and another and another until all the eggs were splattered all over the place. 4'd run off knowing we're coming to close to him and hide. I must admit i didn't know who was doing all this at first. I kind of thought it was 1.C, but wasn't too sure. That was only one mischief.4 also loved this aquarium that was there, very bright because of the light it just seem to attract him. 4'd get closer and closer and just 8 at the fishes. Watching them swim, all the different pretty colors. The rocks and the little toys seemed to attract him more. When 5 one was around 4'd 8 above the tank and stick his hand in very carefully and say,"7!"trying to attempt to grab it, but 5 success. When 4 heard that someone was coming or getting closer to him 4'd run so fast like the bird cartoon from loony toons always out smarting the coyote. There would be a mess, of course. Though everyone knew 4'd be trouble once 4'd start walking! 4 was so cute though.Now when 4 was between the ages 4 and 5, 4 just loved picking at people just for the fun of it, or so we thought. 4 do it for the attention so we'd go drop what were doing and go run after him. What 4'd do was grab something that was valuable to a certain person and go up to them and say, "8! me have, me have."Of course, we had to go run after him, but sometimes you'd have to be careful because if not 4'd toss if and wham! It would brake. there's only a few things I'm pointing out here, but in reality there was much more and it was ore exciting then might be explaining it! age 5 was a workout! One day we decide to lend 1.C our 10 touch to entertain him because we were busy doing our own things and 1.C discovers you tube! 4 loves this show called 12 and 13! In other words 4 calls it, "14 15 16."17 4'd go on it and watch most of the t.v shows on the 10 touch and use the apps on it! 4 is very smart when it comes to using electronics if i 1 add. The day after that 4'd ask for the 10 touch almost frequently then every time 4 was denied of using it, 4'd go to his methods in getting it! Of course what 4 did was, when lights were out and everyone was asleep 4'd 8 all over, when finally 4'd 8 under the pillows and grab them and take it with him. The very next morning we were after him! 4 told us, but yet again 4 would do it! Then we went to drastic measures we hid the 10 touches else where. now at 1 years of age! whoa, well 5 in my opinion I think 4 calmed down a little more. Others 1 not think so, but i know so! Anyways 4 is now 1 which means 4 is now starting school! which i hear is quite entertaining for those who are not involved! They love 1.C but sometimes 4 can be a little too much, ha. 4 loves roaming around doing what 4 loves most and just having a great time, which i admire. well if i were to say one little short story about him as a 1 year old I'd pick, how 5 matter what 4'd always defend his brothers! 4 wont let 5 one bully his brothers, 5 matter what the odds! i admire most about him is that!
