 Many people think that 1 is just like any other. These people are very wrong. 1 1 is very different than most. For you see, it is filled with humorous people. These people make up a lot of the bright side of 1. Where these people are you might ask? Why, they are every where. The best place to look is in the hallways, especially 1 1, during lunch, 2 after 1. Most of the people I will tell you about are friends of mine. There are also a lot of people I don't even know the names of. There is even a teacher I'll mention something about. Well enough chit chat, lets get to it shall we? I will first start with the teacher. I forget her name but she likes to talk with a 1 accent. She is also very enthusiastic, 2 I do mean enthusiastic. She often says, "3 we go!". It's very funny. I have never seen her without enthusiasm. Many of the students are really disturbed by it. It can be annoying at times but at least she's not all gloomy or other. In fact we might even need more like her at this 1 2 many others. There is also a student who is also very enthusiastic, not all the time but quite often is he. His name is 4. 4 is quite a jolly kid. He loves to sing. I do mean he loves to sing. Even if he doesn't know the words to the song he is singing, he will sing. People always joke about him around him. The jokes are usually mean jokes, but he puts up with them 2 laughs along. I really do have to give him that much credit. It would be hard for just about anyone to put up with such rude words, let alone laugh with them. But enough of that. He is very jolly 2 really makes you laugh, which is really great. Don't stop being funny 4. There is a funny pair of boys who can knock your shoes 3, perhaps even literally with what they do. These two boys, named 3 2 1, are very humorous, as well as dangerously humorous. Ever heard of a 6? It is a brand of a toy that is very fun for little kids, as well as big kids. This toy is shaped like a bowl. You turn it inside out, aim the rim at the ground, 2 drop it. When it hits the ground, it pops up into the air. Well, 3 2 1 love playing with the 6, so much to the point that they found a new way to play with it. Instead of hitting the ground with it, they hit each other with it! They love to hurt each other. Eventually, though, the 6 got very worn out 2 tore. It needed to retire from its rough job, but 3 2 1 wouldn't let it. They just couldn't stop playing with it. 2, 9, 2 I haven't seen them playing with it lately. We think it might have broke. Ha ha! Never go wondering throught the hallways with 2, even if you have a destination. Trust me on this, you don't want to! 2 gets destracted very easily in the hallways. If she sees someone that she's wants to talk to, she doesn't tell you. She just twirls around 2 rushes over to them. For this, always have her take the lead if you do go with her; at least you'd know when she wonders 3 the trail. Never the less, 2 is still very humorous. She makes lots of random sounds. You get completely 3 guard 2 just can't help to laugh at how weird sounding those sounds are. 9 on the other hand, not only does sounds but also does hilarious facial expressions. She always tries to mimic the funny things her goats 2 pets do when she tells us about them. Together, 9 2 I are very funny. In the 1 finals started, we were drawing such goofy pictures of each other 2 random things. I drew her as a stick figure going to the moon, but the moon was very far away. We cracked up! She once redrew a little comic her brother thought of more than a year or two again. In the comic, it was a very ugly man who was telling his friends that they were going to a night club, but the ugly man turned out to be a woman. During finals, there was also a guy pulling is friend through the hallways by the arm. The friend said that it was very comfy. Then, they told a teacher about it! Ha ha ha! So you see, 1 is much more than an ordinary 1. You could probably call it a clown 1 if you wanted to. Ha ha ha ha! You would never truly know just how many ha ha's I say a day until you visit, so come on over. We will let you join the fun!
