 Laughter and exuberance are key elements in any good relationship. Being able to be giddy and joyful with someone close to 11 is a sign of comfort. It often can bring people closer and help to solidify their friendships. Your true self is shown in your humor. Two years ago when I was in 1's seventh grade math class at 1, I was chosen to be in the 2 along with just three other classmates. Being in the 2 simply meant that we would be teaching ourselves 1-2 using only textbooks, while 1 would teach the rest of the class an easier, more simple math. The 2 was almost like an elite club. Our other classmates looked upon us with jealousy because we got to sit in the back of the classroom together, never had to do any homework, and were never called upon out of the blue to answer questions in front of the whole class. Being the immature seventh graders that we were, we abused 1 incredible opportunity that we had. I became fast friends with the three other people in the 2. Their names were 4, 3, and 3. 4 and I were already friends, but it was working together in the 2 that really brought us closer together. I also became close with 3 and 3. To 1 day, 4 is one of my very best friends and I still keep in touch with the other two. We were all very different from each other. 3 was caught up in the popular crowd, 3 usually hung out with the really smart kids who were into chess and reading books, and 4 and I were just normal. However, we all had two important things in common; our sick sense of humor and our intelligence. We each felt that the work we were teaching ourselves was much too easy. We breezed right through the book and never really had any questions. In doing 8, we always finished our assigned work quickly and had more than half of the class left to just sit there, eat, and goof off. That doesn't necessarily mean that that's the order things played out in. "4, I don't feel like doing math 2. I'm beat," I complained as we walked into 1's room for math right after lunch. "6 neither," she replied. "I say we just sit there and make it look like we're doing work." We made our way to the table in the back where 3 and 3 were already sitting. They had their books, pencils, and spirals out, but sat there with vacant expressions. 4 and I joined them in sitting and we all exchanged disgruntled looks. "8 uh, I was talking to 1 1 and he said that we don't have to do any work 2. We can just sit here and hang out," I lied, not even bothering to hide my smirk. Catching on, 3 and 3 grinned. 3 turned around and pulled a brown paper bag out of her backpack. She began to pull food out of the bag and offered it all up to us. I immediately grabbed the miniature chocolate pie. Midway through eating it, I dipped my finger in the gooey chocolate and wiped a big blob of it on the window behind 6. 4 noticed and immediately started to chuckle. "10, what's that?!" she exclaimed, loud enough for everyone in the class to hear. 1 and a few classmates glanced over briefly, but got back to the lesson instantly. It really wasn't funny at all, but the four of us dissolved into giggles. "11 guys, I had 1 crazy dream 2," 3 said as the laughter died down. "I went to 1 1 camp thing, and 2 was one of the camp counselors. He was wearing khaki pants and a white shirt with blue pinstripes. Oh, and he also had a clipboard!" We stared at her blankly and then burst out laughing once more. The funny thing about 1, was that 2 often substituted for our teachers, and he wore that exact outfit each time. But the even funnier thing was that it really wasn't funny at all. We were 8 desperate for a good time, we found chocolate blobs on windows and khaki pants to be hilarious. Our laughter died down and we sat there in silence. Suddenly, 3 leaned back in his squeaky swivel chair and it immediately broke, dropping him right to the ground. To anyone else, 1 would have been funny. However, we each sat in silence, staring at one another. It wasn't that we were embarrassed for him or felt sympathy, but simply ironic that obsolete things sent us into fits of giggles, while a substantial, laughable event made us simply sit there. I don't think I'll ever forget the 2. Though it was a waste of time, we had many good laughs. We 1 not have learned a lot about math, but we learned a lot about each other.
