        Laughter 1 us 2 3 was the 1 of middle school and the entire music department was going on our 1 field trip. Everyone was going to 2 for the biggest concert any one has ever been to. Only the students in eighth grade in either band, choir, jazz band, or jazz choir were able to go; if 16 didn't pay all your funds, then 16 were left behind. We were going to a hotel, attending a concert, and going to a 4 5. My friends, 3, 2, and 4 were without a doubt excited. We have never been on the longest road trip till then. 3 seemed to have taken days to get to 2. We left at five in the morning with over one hundred kids packed into two buses. One bus was for the boys and one for the girls, yet there were more girls then boys so we split the boys bus. I was stuck sitting with 6. 6 is a nice girl, but 3 was difficult to start conversations with her. 17 wanted to be back home in 1. I never found out why 17 was so upset; which made my ride there unbelievably boring. Until 3's accident. 17 snorted a pretzel up her nose. Overall 17 was okay and everyone besides 6 laughed along with her. By the third hour of sitting in a cramped bus, us girls had to go to the bathroom. Complaining to the bus driver 17 replied, "We're almost to the pit stop. Just another hour or so." The choir girls began singing about going to the bathroom. Soon the bus was filled with our melodious song and laughter. Finally 8, the bus driver, pulled over. A line of dancing girls bulged out of the bathroom laughing at each other. Once we were done we said our farewells to the boys as they piled onto the bus and took off. "9 down. Lets get to 2." 8 said. We cheered as we drove off. Four hours later, we were stopped yet again, at another gas station eating our lunch. The boys were fine with how much progress we made; starting calling everyone of us girls the boys were getting annoying. Us girls ignored all calls from boys for the rest of our trip. Finally we got to our hotel. At the hotel the boys got the top story while the girls got the lower story near the swimming pool. When dinner came along 1, our music director, aloud everyone to roam around the stores near by and buy our dinners. Luckily we were near 3, 1, 2, and a numerous amount of fast food places. 4 and I went to 1 while 3 and 2 got our drinks; since we didn't want 1 drinks they went to 3 to buy 11. We met back at our room with our goods. We gorged ourselves till our abdomens seemed to explode. Dancing her way into the bathroom, 3 apeard with a broom as her dancing partner. Our laughter filled the room. We partied on till we realized we had a concert to attend. We had two hours till the concert and thirty dollars was missing. 3, 2, 4 and I searched our room almost missing breakfast and ending up empty handed. When we found the girls across the hall all except one of them were there. The remaining girls looked at each other. " 6 was out of money yesterday and now all of the sudden 17 has money to buy food. We're missing fifty dollars." 13 replied. 1 then came in, "14 up. We got a concert to attend." 15 at each other with disapointment we all left. Running to the back stage door I dropped my music. 2 laughed picking 3 up. "16'll do great." 17 said smiling. I smiled back, "18 16." I turned and stepped out onto the empty stage and took my seat in the front of the band. Picking up my flute I began my solo. The soft chords filled my ears as I imagined myself alone. Although I was nervous my stage fright gracefully vanished. I ran out the auditorium doors. Girls and boys laughing with me as we raced to the buses. The bus drivers hurried their way to the 4 5. Once we were there, 1 payed for everyone and we were off. Laughing at ourselves 3, 2, 4 and I screamed at the top of our lungs when the 19 shock dropped. When the ride was over, we all laughed seeming to have come 2. I didn't want to leave, but I knew I had to. Everyone piled back on the bus and called our parents to let them know we were coming home. Laughing at every mistake we made, 3, 2, 4 and I took a group picture to remember the trip. Some how amongst the trip we laughed together at everything. Nothing stood in our way when we laughed. In the end laughing 1 us 2. 
