 Have 3 ever been in that mood were 3 just can not stop laughing, and no matter what, 3 just can't stop? That is the problem my good friend, 1. 1 and I have when we are together. Most of the time we are just talking about random things and we both find it hilarious. Luckily, for the teachers, we only have two classes together. In both of those classes we sit next to each other though. So the teachers didn't luck out too much. Just the other day, in 1 2, we were allowed to move are seats around and have that be our new spot in the class. The girl that was sitting next to me moved and sat next to 1. Now, 1 doesn't like this girl very much, so I spoke up and said "1, 3 can sit next to me!". 1 grabbed her stuff in an unusually quick manner, and came and sat next to me. The funny thing was when she sat down she said "3 saved my life.". For some reason 1 and I just started laughing non-stop. We couldn't control it. To be honest, it wasn't that funny. I guess it was just in the way she said I saved her life. I'm glad 1 sits next to me in 1 2. With out her, it would be so boring. In 6, we sit next to each other and we have a good time. Our 6 class is at the end of the day so we are just ready to go home by then. 1 and I sit next to each other and when we are taking notes, 1 and I pass notes back-and-forth to each other. She and I talk about everything, from the predicaments a teenage girl runs into in high school, to boys and parents. I can pretty much tell her everything, and that's a good friend. Over the years 1 and I have become closer and closer friends. Last year, she and I had at least three or four classes together. So we have been in classes together previously. 1 and I have become more acquainted and more open with things. I tell her everything and she tells me everything. One reason why I think we've become good friends is because she and I find the same things funny. We have the same interests in things.She is a good friend and I'm glad she's my friend . Laughter is the shortest distance between two people. I am going to definitely have to agree with that.
