   "Laughter" 1 you ever felt it? The feeling of uncontrollable joy building up inside you? The one feeling you 11 never explain in any word but one. Laughter. This is a wondrous feeling, it 11 make you do so many things, like scream, and yell! Someone once said, Laughter, is the beauty of life. It helps us get out of hard times, and 11 always put a smile on our face when we 2 down.It will make good times even better and never be forgotten. Laughter is something everyone needs. It helps us connect with people. It will causes you to be come one with another. This is the story of me. The story of how laughter caused me to meet the love of 7 life. How the connection of joy between us will last forever, and how the memories of his smile will last in me forever. 1 was the day i met him. It was a gorgeous day, snow was covering the ground for miles, and I was surrounded by 7 amazing friends. The feeling of boredom quickly flew over our heads. So we decided it was time to 1 some fun. We quickly put our snow cloths on and began running for the door. The moment we stepped out side everyone but me stopped. I kept going into the ice cold air. I slowly began to realized they had stopped and I tried to come to an immediate halt. They all began to laugh as i laid on the icy growned holding 7 soar butt. I was so embarrassed, and so shocked by 4 had just happened that i didn't move, I just laid back and closed 7 eyes. As I was laying there I began hearing foot steps. I figured they were just 7 friends coming to help me. But when i opened 7 eyes, it wasn't 7 friends I saw. It was a hansom man, one I had seen few times before in 7 high school. 3 leans down and ask me, "2 you okay?" I reply in a shy tone,"yes..." 3 smiles and reaches down to help me up. As our skin gently touches I get butterfly's all through out 7 body. I look at him and 11 tell 3 was getting the same feeling. As i stand to 7 feet we both smile and begin to laugh. I still to this day don't understand why we laughed... I am wondering a million things at once, but the first question that exits 7 mouth is, "4 is your name?"3 reply's with a smile and says, " 6 and you?""7 name is 8." I reply.I begin to thank him and ask if 3 would like some hot chocolate or coffee. 3 reply's in a cute tone that sent chills up 7 spine. 3 says "I would rather take you to get a burger, will you come?"A huge smile washes over 7 face as i say "yes." 3 grabs 7 hand and walks me closer to 7 friends. They all began to smile and turn and walk away quickly into the depths of 7 house. 3 smiles and decides not to follow. We both begin to laugh as we run over to his car. I 1 heard a lot about 6, 7 friends 2 always talking about how cute and muscular 3 is. The first thought that went streaming through 7 head was, I cant believe 3 wants to take me out to lunch! We sit awkwardly in the car all the way to a small dinner called 1. When we stop 3 jumps out of the car and rushes to 7 door to open it. 3 is such a gentle men i thought to myself. When we get to our table 3 orders for us both and asks me all sorts of questions. 3 kept me smiling the hole time! I don't think any boy has ever done that. After we ate and 3 drove me home we smiled and laughed as 3 told me joke after joke. When we reach 7 house 3 asks me a question. A question i will never forget. "11 i kiss you?" 3 asks. I do not answer but lean in and kiss him. We look into each others eyes after wards and begin to laugh.. Why we laughed i still will never know. But at that moment i fell in love. At that moment i realized laughter will be the connection between us forever. The laughter is in remembrance of him. 1 3 rest in peace... 
