        Living, 1 2 3 Laughter  4 to this 1 I don't remember exactly why I was laughing. All I can remember, vividly, in my mind is the look on my grandfathers face. He had on the same smile he always wore during times of joy. It was a wide warm grin he would shine your way every so often. As I laughed uncontrollably that 1, so many years ago, he shined his happiness 1 love down on me for so long that I will never forget a single wrinkle in his grin. My 16, who we all called 5, had a way of keeping the peace 1 happiness in everything. No matter how bad things were within our family, he would always make things right. No one could get angry 3 5, 1 no one could stay sad when he smiled. That's just the kind of guy he was. 5 was a big part of our family gatherings, just like the one we had on my 1 1 3 5. That 1 was our family's 1 8 3 5, soon after, he passed away. When I look back 1 realize how important that 1 was I can see that it was a perfect 8 for everyone. It was a happy 1 1 my 1 memories of my 16 were of his great big happy grin shining down on me while I giggled away during a card game.  When that 8 kicked off, in the early morning, the weather was already proving to be spectacular. Every one in my family was in high spirits 1 was ready to enjoy the 1 3 family. My favorite activity during each 1 every family event is to play my favorite games 3 everyone. Our family has a few specific games that are a tradition during family gatherings. One of our favorites is called 12-13. Now 12-13 was one of the many games that my 16 was very good at playing. He rarely ever lost a game, 1 would not finish playing until he had won at least once. So when everyone was assembled at our house, I convinced 5 1 my cousin 1 to play 12-13 3 me. We went into the spare room 1 starting dealing out the cards. About a half an hour later we were still playing, 1 to no ones surprise, 5 was winning. It was just before the food was ready 1 we were about halfway through the game when either my cousin 1, or 5 said something to me that I thought was the funniest thing my tiny 1 year old ears had ever heard, 1 I began to laugh.  My family was so thoroughly entertained 3 my laughter that they could not keep their smiles 1 laughter tucked away without bursting into giggles as bad as mine. It seemed that my senseless laughing created instant joy to my family, including my 16. 5' smile was one of the greatest things my little eyes looked up at during my childhood. It was something so imaginary, yet so colorful 1 vivid in front of me,that I would worship his smile like I was seeing my first solar eclipse. I never quite understood, at such a young age what was so fascinating about his smile, but now I do understand. 5' smile showed true, wholesome, unbreakable joy. His smile didn't come out all too often so when it did, you knew something good was happening. No one knew that was our 1 8 3 5. I most certainly could not imagine it to be the 1 I would spend 3 my 16. Everything was so perfect 1 so increasingly happy, it seemed to be a crime to end his life during such a time of joy. Although if I were him, 1 if I had to choose my 1 8, that 1 would be perfect. My single memory of that 1 was laughing, 1 being happy. I can't think of any better way to spend my 1 bit a time 3 5 then a 1 where we were both completely satisfied in our card game, laughter, 1 smiles. Laughter is a funny thing. It is unique in every person, 1 can range from any kind of humor to pure happiness. Laughter brings hope in times of doubt 1 never fails to make someone smile. Someone, somewhere started a quote that says, "25. Laugh. Love." I believe those three words can combine together, 1 act separately to sum up a perfect life for anyone willing to 25 out the true, meaningful definition of each of those words. Laughter brings smiles of happiness, humor, 1 love. Love brings us all together, 1 when we strive to be happy 1 to love, that is when we can truly 25. My grandfather loved each 1 every one of his family 1 friends 1 made a priority of keeping them happy. He lived his life the best way that I believe anyone could ever 25 it. He died after a life full of love happiness 1, most importantly, the very special gift of laughter.  
