 Laughter is a great thing, except for some instances. We all have been there. Having a good time with friends, laughing and making new memories. Then you take a drink of something and start laughing again. Next thing you know you're choking and can't breathe. You're coughing as much as you can, trying to stop. It's not only a little embarrassing, but it can get a little awkward too. You can't stop it, you just have to let nature take its course. Everyone stares, asking if you're alright. The moment feels like forever, and that was exactly how I felt. I have two best friends, 1 and 1. It was during the 1 and we decided to have ourselves a little movie night at 3's house. We were fully prepared with candy, soda pops, and the best of all, pizza. It all added up for a great night. We decided to watch the movie 1. It's all of our favorites, I don't think we could ever grow tired of it. 1, 1 and I found comfortable seating arrangements and started to watch the movie. We were eating, laughing hard-core and making comments along with it. We were having a great time. Then I decided to take a drink of my 2. I was about to swallow it, but just my luck, one of the funniest parts in the movie was on. I started to laugh and knew I had an issue. I put my cup on the table, quickly got off the couch, and took two steps when most of the 1 in my mouth came flying out onto the floor. I couldn't breathe and was now coughing, so I kept running to my destination, the kitchen sink. I was about two feet away from the sink, I was so close! Then I felt something come up my mouth that I couldn't control. I wasn't going to open my mouth, it'd be all over the floor! I was so grossed out I basically threw myself at the sink. My mouth opened and there went the puke, into the sink. I continued to cough, wondering when it would it would all end. "2 you okay?!" 1 ran into the kitchen and started hitting my upper back, trying to help me out. 5 hit me three times, then I could finally breathe again. "4 you, I was having a hard time." 5 started laughing, while I was still disgusted with the nasty taste left in my mouth. I put my head under the faucet trying to clear it out a little. I grabbed a towel, and we made our way to the living room. We entered the room to find 1 sitting on the couch, laughing hysterically. 1 sat by her, and started to giggle a little along with her. I got on my knees and started wiping up the 2 spill on the floor. There wasn't too much, but still a good amount. I started to chuckle a little to myself while cleaning it up. I thought to myself, "6 must I always be the one to choke?" "6 didn't you just go to the bathroom sink? I mean it's right there!" 1 was pointing to the door and still laughing. "I didn't think of that! I just ran for the kitchen!" I've been to her house plenty of times before, but the bathroom slipped my mind. I laughed at how much of a blond moment I had just had. "8 my gosh," 5 laughed a little then continued, "9 me of 10! When I saved you!" "11 up and watch the movie!" I told her jokingly. 5 finished laughing and we were enjoying the movie in peace again. They both still tease me about that, but I don't mind. It just goes to show you the things laughter can unexpectedly bring.
