 We all understand the benefits of laughter. I believe that laughter is an important part of life that everybody should experience. The time that I remember most where I have laughed and enjoyed myself was when my family and I went to 1 in 3.It all started with 1. We were opening our presents when my 1 and 2 told me and my siblings that they had one last present for us but it was a surprise; in order to know what it was we had to find it. So they told us as a hint, that it was someplace that we sleep. As soon as they told us that I knew exactly where to look, our bedrooms. So we raced up the stairs to our bedrooms and looked around. To our delight, sitting on our nightstands where four packets full of info about 1. We were so excited and happy. My little sister said that it was the best 1 present ever. We ran down the stairs, hugged 1 and 2, and told them that they are the best 1 and 2 ever. What made it even better was that we would miss school. Then we found out that the trip was scheduled for the month of 2. So we had to wait for four months. Those four months were the longest of my life. Four months later it was finally time to go. We had to wake up around 1 a.m because our plane was scheduled to depart at 1. Before we left our house I asked my 1 if I could bring my 3 4 5 6 with me so that I was not bored on the plane. She told me that I could, only if I share it with my little brother. Once we had finally left home I started feeling like I had butterflies in my stomach. I guess it was because something fun and exciting was about to happen to me. When we got to the airport it was 2 so we had about an hour and fifty-five minutes till the plane left. Luckily I had my 3 4. Since my brother was only six years old he easily gets bored, I let him play my 3 4 5 6 till we had to board. When it was finally time to board one of my sisters had to use the restroom. My 1 ended up taking her while my 2 stayed with us and boarded the plane .My other sister did not like that my 1 was not on the plane with us yet. So my 2 told me to keep my brother and sister in their seats while he went o find my 1 and sister. Five minutes later they all came back, and just in time too. The plane had just finished refueling and we were on the way to the runway. One of my favorite parts of being on a plane is when it's speeding down the runway at amazing speed. And when we finally reached the speed we needed to be at, we launched in to the air and my stomach felt like it was in the open air. My little brother is holding on to my hand so tight that his little knuckles turn white. It gave me the impression that he was scared so I told him to just think about it as a really fast car that goes over a bump. That seemed to help a lot because he started laughing when the plane left the ground. He said that it was fun and wanted to do it again. I reminded him that once we got to 1 we would go on all the rides that we want. Three hours later we arrived in 2, 3. Once we got off the plane we went to pick up our bags from the baggage claim. My 2 went to see when the next 11 12 was scheduled to arrive. As he came back the 12 was just coming down the road. The 12 was blue with 11 characters. The driver showed us a lot of cool things and places. The 15 that we were staying in was called The 14 15. It had a huge pool shaped like a guitar. Once we were settled in we went in to 1. It was really fun because my sisters and I got all the 11 characters autographs and pictures. My favorite one was 17 because he reminds me of myself. We got to stay in the park for about three hours when we started getting hungry so we left and went back to the 15. After dinner we went down to the pool to go swimming. It seemed to be funner than 1 because in the week we were there we spent more time laughing and swimming down by the pool than actually in 1. That is the best time that I had ever had in my life and I owe it all to my parents. I love them very much. Thank you.
