Laughter's 1 Laughter is everywhere. It 1 be three doors down reclining in a comfy living room. It 1 be at the nearest playground bouncing on the teeter-totter. It 1 be at an elegant restaurant sitting at a petite table in the distant corner. For me, it lingered in an old fifth grade classroom. I stumbled through the doorway carrying 11 purple backpack and 11 lunch pale resting in 11 left hand. I recognized everyone from 11 previous years of elementary school, and shortly joined them after visiting 11 hook outside the door. I had been waiting anxiously for 11 turn at the fifth grade. The legendary 1, was known as the "coolest" teacher around. He played a large role in the gossip of the young students, and each of us had our hopes set high. "2 your seats 1 graders!" announced 1 3 with a contagious smile. Kids scattered around to room searching for seats near their closest friends. Everyone listened attentively to 1's introduction to the year. His voice caught our full attention, but not too exciting compared to our expectations. He appeared very nice as most teachers come, but still nothing spectacular. The day dragged on. The sleepy faces returned and the vivid colors had escaped our touch. The day finally reached an end, not satisfying the eager children. The next day rose quickly and I trudged back to the disappointing classroom. To 11 surprise, the next day was nothing like the first. The classroom 7 experienced a drastic change. Every wall was filled with endless color. Posters layered over the plain paint with fascinating pictures and words. A fancy popcorn machine rested in the back of the room. Fresh popcorn overflowed from inside. The smell traveled through our needy nostrils as we entered. Mr. 3 sat contently at his broad desk as we made our way to our seats once again. He welcomed us to our second day. After the first couple minutes of class I had found that the rumors were true. He had a sense of simple humor that created giggles in every corner of the class. His ideas and word choice related to us as 1 graders. We found his subtle jokes quite amusing to our young minds. He spoke like we spoke, he acted like we acted, and he joked like we joked. He even created customized nicknames for each of us. Laughter hung over our heads like a heavy 1, never continuing along. Weekly popcorn servers would hand out stuffed bags to all the kids as the class read aloud. Kids became ecstatic on jeopardy 4 gathering teams as quick as possible. His classroom became a place that we wanted to stay forever, never parting from hour long games and water chugging contests. Despite the everlasting fun and games, 1 showed us what it was really like to be a learner. He cared about our future and pushed us to strive in every moment of life. He taught us to write with desire and worth. To express our feelings on paper and tell the world a story that we want heard. He would plan one on one time with students struggling in a particular subject, and next class their confidence had bloomed. He had an ability to reach into our minds, find out who we were, and emerge that hidden confidence to become 9. We respected him, yet felt comfortable messing around with him during class as he had frequently done to us. 1 gave us a craving to learn. 1 1, I had began to walk home, when 1 3 stopped me at the door. "6 2C!" I unexpectedly said in a high tone, not hiding 11 enthusiasm. He chuckled, "7 fun at class today?" "8 yeah," I answered with a grin. "I'm glad" he continued, then changing the subject, "I was thinking about having a huge dodge ball tournament at recess tomorrow. Do 10 think that would be a good idea?" I snickered to myself, trying to comprehend the fact that an adult had said this to me, "That would be so fun." "9," he expressed quite excited, "10 are a really neat kid, 10 know that? Its a lot of fun having 10 in class." 11 face lit up. I stood there smiling for quite some time. We finished our slight conversation and I continued home. Every student in the class yearned to be liked by 1, as if he were the most popular kid at school. I was liked by 2 I was liked by the man that changed 11 whole outlook on education and life. Gradually, from time to time, I drift back to the careless days of 1 grade and 2 I still laugh at the ridiculous events that occurred in that small classroom each and every day. Frequently, I glance above me to witness that dense 1 that still hovers above me. Laughter has left a mark on me, and those kids of 11 1 grade class. 
