1 of laughter  Once upon a time there once lived a girl named 1. The year was two thousand and fourty eight and there were only a few people that were alive after 1, thats 7 the world ended. 1's friend 2 was a huge 1 freak. She would, by herself, make funny vidoes and put them on 2 3 4. One day she was so bored that she went and sat in front of her computer camera and made an I'm a 1" video. It was the funniest thing 1 had ever seen. She was wearing a a 1 hat that was part of the 1 uniform, and was wearing a 1 shirt with some of the known characters. 2 was singing, "I'm a 1. I'm a little 1 1. I'm slitherin' slitherin' in the garden, snatching me up a mouse, a mousey mouse. I'm going to move my tongue to taste you." 7 she was finished she posted it on the web site. 1 showed all her friends what an epic faliure that video was, 2 of course loved it and so did 1.  Once the video wasnt that cool or funny anymore, which that took about two point five days, no one really watched it and no one really laughed about it, which it was made for that purpose. But 7 someone would watch it for the first time they would go to school, laugh their butts off and feel like an idiot because everybody had already watched it, and they didnt think it was funny anymore. So from then on people called this kid all sorts of names, but the one that really stuck was 1. Eeveryone in 1 and 2's friend group all laughed and 7 1 and 2 didnt laugh, their friends would call them losers because they weren't laughing at the kid who was getting teased. Laughing 7 someone is being teased isn't funny. The reason why people laugh and put down others is because they are insecure about themselves and it's not a laughing matter.  7 people watch the video of 2 saying she was a 1, that was made to make people laugh and to think was funny, 8 didn't make the rude words people say to be used to put others down.  Laughing is a key thing to a conversation but also it's healthy for people to laugh. 7 others see that people are getting made fun of, it's not a time to laugh at them, it 1 be funny in some case but, put yourself in that persons shoes, feel what they are feeling 7 people say rude and hurtful things, people could stop the people who are throwing out put downs and stand for the ones who are getting their feelings hurt. Laughing was made for things that are actually funny. Say you walk down the street, on a sidewalk, and you walk by these punk kids who think they are the bown diggity, and they are poking sticks and throwing bottles and trash on at a homeless man with his dog, while the man is on the ground in pain from thses kids kicking him to where he cant move, are you just going to walk by and laugh because you think it's funny? No 2 not, 2 going to walk, or run, over to the poor man and see if he is oaky, then you maight call the police and see if they can find the kids who did this to this poor old man. See laughing at people who are down because of words or getting beat up isn't right and peeple need to stop, this is a world that if you are the last few people on the planet, and they have known about you laughing at others pain, do you really think that they are going to help you, or just walk by and laugh like you have? People are cruel in this world and we all need someone that is going to help us if we are hurt or down because of hurtful words.  One way you benefit from laughter, you feel good and you have people that will help you in the time of need, if you laugh about the right things. Tell 2 friends that if they laugh at peoples pain and anger, that one of these days no one is going to be there to stand up for them. You could be the change we have in schools, in work envirnment, in life in genral, be the change for 2 kids and grandkids, for 2 future friends, for the future world."
