 A 1 time ago when I was about 1 years old. I had moved to 1, after 2 weeks went by 2 parents started going to church, while we was at church I meet some other kid who was about 2 age. I didn't know but I saw in his hand. 6 hasa deck of card. I noticed it right away that 6 liked to play yu-gi-oh which is a card game, which is very fun to play when I was 1..., I wanted to ask him if 6 wanted to play the card game yu-gi-oh but I was too nervous to ask him, after church ended and 2 parents and I went home the day passed by. The next morning I had to get ready for 2 first day in school in 1, it was kinda hard since I am going to be in that new school with no friends but once I got their I notice something right away i saw that same kid from yesterday I was kinda surprise since 6'd go to the same church as me. After 2 teacher told me to sit down I took a seat, 2 teacher begin roll call saying each students in are class name, each students replied and said "here!" when it came to that other kids turn his name was 1,once class started it went by kinda fast when you are busy doing class work so once lunch started I went to have lunch and surprisingly a lot of students in 2 class are nice to me they asked if I wanted to be their friends. I was happy since they asked but that one kid 1 didn't ask. So I thought 6 was mad at me later on after school before I gotten on the bus to go home I saw that 1 kid again so I ran to him and asked if 6 liked playing yu-gi-oh? 6 "replied yea what bout you?" I "told em yea we should play yu-gi-oh sometimes" 6 said we could play this 1 at church. I told em 3. later on that day I told 2 older brother 4, I made some friends at are school, and this 1 I'm going to play yu-gi-oh card with one of them named 1 who goes to are church, 2 brother 4 told me oh... 1 goes to are school? I said yea and 6 said I played yu-gi-oh card game with him last time at church. I was shock since 2 older brother knew 6 was and i didn't that time. I asked him why 6 didn't tell me 6 knew someone that play yu-gi-oh card, 6 said " cause you didn't ask" I was like... Oh..... Me and 2 brother started to laugh cause i didn't know 1 was 2 older brother friend and 6 laughed at me cause I never asked him if 6 knew anyone that played yu-gi-oh card game.
