 8 families 1 in 1 was one of exploration, but also one in which we came to regret our move from 3 a little. We missed our friends, our connections, but also places. The place 8 brother and I came to miss second only to our farm was a 3 we had dubbed "The 1, 1 3." The place itself was a dump. Close to a dairy farm, it reeked of cow pats mixed with cigarettes. I remember that the grass was perpetually dry, and the bridge crossing the 3 was continually squeaking; it was an old, covered bridge, and on its last leg. So, it wasn't so much the place we missed, but the happy memories associated with our special place. On one particularly mopey day, our father roused us from our rooms, saying that we were going to explore a new 3. We knew about 4's adventures; we called them "4-ventures" because they were truly one of a kind. Most of the time, we ended up miles away from any civilization and stuck in the car with our lunch out of reach. Even at our young ages, we had come to be wary of "4-ventures." 7, our mother was able to rouse 8 brother and I, and we were soon hustled into the car. During the trip, our father was unbearably cheerful. While 8 brother and I were in the back of the car, pining for our nice, comfortable rooms, 8 father had the audacity to laugh along to the radio, and open the windows of the car to our protests. Riding with 8 brother and I in the back were two circular lumps of rubber that had been inflated. I would soon learn that these were called inner tubes, and could be used to drift down the 3. After what seemed like hours on the road, we arrived at a place called "2 bend." 8 brother and I jumped out of the car, and were met with pristine beauty. Covered in shade, the 3 flowed noisily, and we could hear it although we were not that close to the 3 bank. The grass was green and velvety beneath our feet, and the smell of fresh water welling up from the earth was delicious. The light filtered down through the trees and had a crystalline effect on the water. 8 brother and I hurriedly dressed into our swimsuits, while 8 father began to cart our food and supplies down the the 3 bank where we would be spending the day. As soon as we finished dressing, 8 brother and I chased after him, for the day was warm and the water looked good and cool. When our hunger had been sated, it was time to pull out the inner tubes. The water was nice and fast, with some white water and a very little water fall at the end. Being a rather petite child for 8 age, even these small obstacles looked like the most insidious of rapids, and they made 8 eyes widen a little. 7, I managed to steady myself, and prepared to get wet. At 1, I hung on to 8 inner tube with clutched fingers and wild eyes, but gradually, I relaxed. I let 8 hand drift out to causally trail behind me in the water, drawing circles as the sunlight filtered down through the trees. As the water grew faster, I began to feel apprehensive again. I drew sharp, quick breaths as the little waterfall approached me. In reality, it was only about four feet tall, but in 8 panicked haze, those four feet looked like twelve feet. The white water was suddenly upon me, accompanied by a large and frightful shriek I gave. Somehow, I managed to stay afloat, and 8 ride left me smiling. I broke into long peals of laughter, laughing away all 8 homesickness and heartsickness. 8 brother came down the waterfall, spluttering and giggling, and we laughed together. Our laughter healed us, and for the 1 time since the move, we felt totally and completely at home.
