         2 I woke up on a very beautiful day. The sky was clear and the sun was shining, which was unusual for a day in 1. I got out of bed, as I usually do. I ate my breakfast, went to the bathroom, and brushed my teeth. I left the house feeling a bit tired but great. As I walked to my bus stop, I watched people go by, saying 4 every now and then. When I got to my bus stop, 5 one was there. I thought that maybe the bus had already come and picked the kids up. I waited and waited. Almost fifteen minutes went by. I was starting to get worried. If I had missed the bus, I couldn't go to 1. My parents worked until the 1 and there was 5 one to drive me there. I then decided to walk to the next stop. 5 one was there either. By that time, I was sure that the bus had come earlier and left me behind. I started to walk back to my house. When I got there, I opened the door and went to check the 1 calender hanging on the wall. There was nothing written on 3. 7 was a normal 1 day. 2 could I have missed the bus? I never miss the bus! I started to ask myself of other possibilities. Maybe there were weather problems and the schools got closed. That wasn't possible because the weather was great. Maybe something happened to the bus, like an accident and 7 couldn't come, but that wasn't 7 either because then the kids would have been at their bus stops. The more I thought about 7, the less 7 made sense to me. What was going on that day? I got frustrated. I set my backpack down so that I could look for my daily planner. I opened 7 up and searched for the 1's phone number. Then, I took the phone and called the 1. "1've reached 1," a woman on the phone said. " 2 1 I help 1?" "3, I'm a student there and I was wondering if something was wrong because I didn't see the bus today?" I said. There was a moment of silence. The woman didn't answer me. This was making me angry. "4, are 1 still there?" I asked, with anger showing through my voice. Nothing. Then, the woman started laughing. 8 laughed for almost a minute. This had made me mad. What had I said that would make her laugh like that? "Was 7 something that I said?" I asked. "5, 5, I'm so sorry," 8 said, trying to keep herself from laughing. " 5, 7's just that, do 1 know what day is today?" "7's 3, isn't 7?" 8 laughed again. "5, today isn't 3, 7's 2." I was shocked to hear that. I had spent all of my time trying to figure out what had happened. The only possibility that I hadn't thought of was that 7 was 2. I felt like an idiot. I set down the phone and started to laugh. I laughed and laughed like I hadn't in years.
