 Laughter is an amazing thing. Laughter is bilingual. It does not need to be translated or looked up in a dictionary. It is the one form of communication that we all know and understand. Laughter has 9 boundary. 5 was the most taciturn girl in the whole school. In the mornings and during lunch, 5 would hide in the shadows hoping not to be seen by the world. 4 10 asked 8 what 5 wanted to be, 5 would say invisible. People passed 8 by without even a glance, thinking 4 I don't see 8 than 5 can't be there. My heart was sad for the poor girl because I knew 5 needed a friend. Someone that 5 could talk to, or atleast get a smile from. However, how would I approach 8? Would 5 think that I was insane? I knew there had to be someway to get 8 to talk, or atleast smile. As I walked into school the 1, the hallway was filled with the same hullabaloo as always. Paper air-planes flying one direction and mouths going off in another. I was used to being shoved around and dodging things on my way to class. It was just the fun journey of getting to your 1 period. Finally, as me and my gawky self made it to fourth period, I sat down and began to look for a pencil. As I did so, I noticed someone pulling out a chair 1 to me and sitting down. It was the girl! I didn't even know 5 had this class with me, let alone sit right 1 to me. I began to be overwhelmed with joy, knowing that this could be my chance. Futhermore, I began thinking of ways I could start a conversation with 8. I noticed a picture on the front of 8 binder that someone had drawn. At the bottom was 8 signature. I asked 8 4 5 had drawn that picture. "1," 5 said in very quiet voice. My heart was pounding, almost breaking free from my chest. I knew I had to say something more. "2," I began, "I believe 10 are a very good artist. Do 10 have any other pictures?" "1," 5 said again, "however, they are all at home." "Is there any possible way that I 1 be able to see these other pictures of your's?" I said happily. "4 10 would like, 10 are more than welcome to come over to my house after to school today and see them." 5 said in a very joyful voice. "I would be honored," I said. As we ended the conversation, the teacher began 8 lesson. 5 was really a nice girl, I thought to myself. I couldn't wait until the end of the 1. When the school 1 came to a close, we meant each other in the foyer. I could tell that 5 was very excited. I was excited as 2, because I knew that 5 was fnally feeling confident with herself; like a baby bird flying away from its nest for the first time. We drove over to 8 house in my mighty mule of a truck. I became very nervous as we walked to the front door. As 5 opened it, my pounding heart flew from my chest. The house was absolutely beautiful. It smelled of fresh baked cookies with a hint of cinnamon. I could not believe what was before my eyes. My mind couldn't make sense of it all. 8 mother yelled from the other room, "is that 10 sweetie?" "1 mother," 5 said back, "I have a friend over." "7!" 8 mother exlaimed. We enjoyed some cookies and milk with 8 mother and then we went up to 8 room. 8 room was filled with so many beautiful drawings that 5 had done. 5 told me that there was a story behind each one of them that inspired 8 to draw it. 5 asked 4 I have ever drawn a picture before. "9," I said, "I am what 10 call challenged in the world of art." We both began to laugh; however, we both began drawing a picture. In the midst of it all, I looked over at 8 picture. It was a beautiful drawing of a fairytale world filled with castles and dragons. Then, 5 looked at my picture. It was a failed attempt of drawing a simple sunset with clouds and birds. We looked at each other and then began to laugh hysterically. "10're clouds look like potatoes," 5 said. Then we laughed even harder and we continued to laugh for what seemed like an hour. Finally, when i left the house and went home for the night. I realized something amazing, something that I had forgotten. It doesn't take much to reach out to someone that needs a friend. I also realized that it can be the most simple thing that can make 10 laugh; like a bad drawing. This is beacuse laughter is contagious and we all know that we all love to laugh.
