 During the 1 of the sixth grade 4 parents decided they were getting a divorce. I got the phone call when I was at 4 best friend 1's house. "1, 2 3 father" 4 5 said through the phone to me. "6 5, 8's 9?" I asked him. "10 need to come home, 10 18 has served me today with divorce papers." 12 told me. I could feel the tears starting to swell 9 in 4 eyes. I had no clue 8 was happening, I was only 1 and vaguely knew 8 divorce was. Without saying a word to him, I hung 9 the phone and ran into 1's room. I knew that the divorce would change things for me, but I didn't realize to 8 extent. I stayed at 1's house for the next two weeks. There was no way I was going home. I didn't want to see 4 18 or 4 father. At night I drempt about 8 4 sisters were going through, the horror that they had to endure while I was away. I wondered 8 4 father was doing, where 4 18 was, and whether or not 4 sisters were 13. Even though I knew I should have gone home at one point during those two weeks, I didn't. During those two weeks at 1's house, I felt safe and secure, but not once did I feel happy. It was an emotion that I had longed for, but all the times that I tried to smile, tried to laugh, tried to be myself, I couldn't. I knew that something had changed in me when I hung 9 the phone on 4 father. I had never hung 9 on anyone before. It was something that I knew I shouldn't have done, but I was so upset, I did it anyways. When 4 18 came to pick me 9 after 4 two week extended stay at 1's, she looked at me with concern in her eyes. I had never seen this emotion in 4 18 before. She usually was so calm and in control. I had never seen her so concerned or upset. I knew that she was concerned for me. I also knew that 1's 14 had called mine several times during 4 stay. I assume she told her about how I was acting, but 8 was I supposed to do? 4 parents were splitting 9! 4 whole life was being flushed down the toilet. I knew that nothing would ever be the same and it killed me inside. No one spoke on the ride home. I could feel the tension building as we turned onto 4 street and drove towards 4 house. When we pulled into the driveway, I got out of the car and ran to 4 room, leaving 4 things on the back seat of the sedan. For two days, I didn't eat or sleep. I just laid in 4 bed longing for 4 father to come home. I had never gone to bed without 4 father tucking me in, never woke 9 in the 1 on 4 own. There were so many things that 4 father did that 12 wasn't there to do anymore. Things didn't start to get better until 4 18 sent me and 4 sisters to 4 15 house in 2. I don't know why, but when I was there, I felt that same sense of safeness and security that I felt when I was at 1's house. Even though I felt safe and secure, it still wasn't the same. It had been several weeks since I had visited 1, and I was dying to go back to her house. I knew that that was the only place that I could actually recover from 8 was happening. 4 15 house was nice and all, but it didn't feel like home, I didn't think that anywhere I stayed would feel right. All I knew is that I needed 4 5, not 4 17 or 4 18, just 4 5, and maybe 1. When I came home from 4 15 house, I made arrangements to go over to 1 house. I knew that I would be staying awhile, so I packed extra. When I got there, I told her about 8 was going on and how 4 sisters were doing. On the night that I arrived, we decided that we would go to the river the next day. I thought it was an alright idea. The next day we went to the river, her brothers decided to join us. Her brother 2 wanted to prove to us how much of a man 12 was, so 12 jumped off of the largest rock at the river. I thought it would be a perfect cannon ball, but it wasn't. 12 landed on his stomach for the perfect belly flop. I couldn't contain myself, I burst out laughing, I don't think i stopped laughing for several minutes. It was by far the best day I had since the day 4 father called me at 1's house.
