A true story about how two close friends became friends over the joy of laughter. One year their is a boy named 1 who wanted to so something fun this 1 ins ted of just staying in his room and playing video games all day. So he heard of a play called"1 In 1" from a friend and found out if he could join and help out with the play, but he ended up getting a part of the play and helped back stage when ever he could. 1 found that he enjoyed the doing the play very much and made a lot of friends. At the some time when 1 was having fun their was a girl named 1 who didn't talk much to 1 at all, but she liked him and she didn't tell a whole lot of people. 1 also tried to make as many friends as she could when doing the plays and spent as much time with her friends as she could. As the play stared to end 1 stared to hang out with 2 who is 1 older brother and stared to pay a little more attention to her and found out from her brother that she liked 1, but 1 already knew that she did like him from the way she acted around 1. 1 joined another play called"2 in 1" after doing"1 In 1" because of how much fun he had in doing the first play. 1 found he already knew most of the people form doing the first play. So he stared talking to the rest of the people that was their that 1 didn't knew already. This is when 1 and 1 stared talking to each other and both of them found that they enjoyed each others laughter they became vary close friends. they became such close friends vary fast because of how 1 like to make friends vary easy and 1 doesn't have vary many friends or close friends or it could have been the fact that 1 liked him so much. 1 didn't have vary many friends because the kids at school would make fun of her for being so smart and then she go home schooled and lost some of her only friends that she had. 1 soon found out in their friendship 1 was scared of of 1 not wanting to be her friend because of all the friends she had already lost. By the time that the play was starting to come to an end 1 had already noticed that 1 had liked 1 before they were friends and he asked her if she did like him she said no at first, but then she felt bad for lining to him and told him the truth about how she did like him and how she thought that is would be best if they just stay as friends. Both of them knew that they could only be friends because of their age difference. 1 was 1 and 1 was 2. So they both knew that it would have never have worked out because of their age. So they both agreed that is would be best if they just stay as friends. As the play was ending the used every minute of it to grow their friendship. By the end of the play they both have became close friends and enjoyed the the good times that they had together and also enjoyed the laughter of one another. Even after the play both of them still talked when ever they had the time to talk to each other, but they didn't get to see each much of each other. When they had the time to talk they talked about the good times that they had with one another and how much fun they had. They also talked about the great and fun that they had in doing the plays. Both of them agreed that they would do the plays again next 1 and looked forward to seeing each other next 1 and how many great thing that they will have to talk about. End the end I think that 1 and 1 are going the be friends for a long time. maybe when they get older they could be more then friends and have their friendship go to the next level......... only time will tell.
