 "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." 1 best friend 1. Wow! All those great times last 1 and all the ones to come. Some people think were weird but if you knew us you would understand. Sometimes people say, "I'm going to die laughing." 2 i know I am because of 1, she knows how to always make me laugh. If I had to count how many times we've laughed about or done together i could there isn't enough time or numbers to tell you how many times. First of all, this friendship started the 1, and now we are in sophomore 1 of high school. We've been friends for one 1 and eleven months and six days. We are the best of best of friends. So last 1 when we were learning the cheers for football season, all most every-time we got done with a cheer, 1 1 and I would say, "3-in 4." That was our saying, and we always did it 1 and after the football or basketball games. We called it our 3-in 4 style or for short our slogan. We would be having a blast and laughing for hours. "5 turn, 6 turn," In 2 we were on our way to state for cheer. On the car ride up to 1, every-time we took a corner we would say what corner it was and do a motion with it. Oh 1 goodness we laughed and we had a blast. After the 6 and 5 turns, there was another motion we called the monkey and we would act like monkeys. It was so much fun we laughed. We also laughed so hard that we were crying and we had to go pee so bad, it was almost really bad.That was one of many car rides that was amazing. On the other hand, 1 1 and I, cheer together, we have sleepovers, 2 i should say that we do everything together. She is 1 cheer sister and will always be, also she is 1 best friend.I would do anything for her. I love 1 1. In addition, to the we do everything together. When 1 is over at 1 house I always have to make sure I make sandwiches and orange juice. Because this one time we stayed up past midnight and we were hungry so i went and made all of that and 1 loved it so now i have to make sure i have some for her when she comes over. Now we always talk about the becomes of the sandwich habit.b we laugh about it all the time. Finally, 1 1 and I are going to be together forever, because i don't know what i would do with out 1 sister. I would not be the person who I am today with out her she and everything to me we laugh even when we want to cry she is everthing to me. You could say we have a perfect freindship of all time. 1 bestfriend is 1 sister I love you 1, thanks for alays having 1 back.            
