 One 1 1 back in 2 a couple of friends and I were beyond bored. Nothing seemed fun to do. 1 to a movie, 1 to get some food, not even call of 2 sounded entertaining. 1 parents told us to go do something outside. Before leaving his house he slips into his pantry and grabs two hefty rolls of 11 wrap. "I think I have an idea" 3 1 as we walk away from his house. I have no clue where we're walking to. 1 just keeps saying "follow me." We all follow in a pack down the street until we show up at 1. Cold and confused, we sit in the parking lot of the 1 waiting for all cars to be gone. Once all the cars are gone 1 informs us on what we are doing here. He tells us of something he did with his cousins awhile back. You have three people on the roof of 1's 1 scoping out the road and you have four 4. "4?" I question 1 with a dumb-found look on my face. "5, 4" 6 4 are the people who will be putting the 11 wrap across the street. The plan is when no cars are coming in the distance, we hop the fence and put 11 wrap across the street so cars drive through it and stop. "7 sounds fun, but uh what happens when the 15 stops before the 11 wrap and takes it down?" 8 9, looking down on the whole operation. 1 laughs a little bit and 8 "10 then it will be an inconvenience for the driver." 11 wrapping roadways sounded a lot for fun then black ops so we were all down. Everyone gets in position. Mark, 4, 2 and myself are down by the roadway in a secluded area by some bushes. While 1, 9 and 3 are posted up on the roof giving us updates about the oncoming traffic. We get a call from 9 saying that it is clear for awhile. I hang up the phone, tell the guys and 3 up from the ground. We all get over the fence in quick time and start a first layer of 11 wrap. I get another call. It's 14 saying that there are three cars are almost to our location. We drop the 11 wrap in the bush and get back over the fence. The 15 comes up close and it's a cop. Of course. We all just stay hidden down in the bushes while the cop takes our huge roll of wrap. We are only left with one more roll , which should before enough. 9 calls again and 8 it's clear. We go out again and start to set up the prank. We wrap it around 1 times and make it as tight as it possibly could be. Perfect. "15 incoming! Go! Go! Go!" yells mark while trying to get over the fence. We all make it over in time and go prone in the field. Laying there anxiously someone whispers "here it comes." The 15 slams on it's breaks, and the driver gets out. He looks at 11 wrap in disgust and looks around for the kids responsible. 9 lets out a big "hahaha" from the roof that even we can hear perfectly. The guy walks up the fence looks around a bit more and mutters for foul words under his breath. He didn't even bother continuing through, he just got in his 15 and backed up."16 my god dude that was hilarious!" I say with a wide grin on my 2 9 and 3 come dashing through the field with a scared expression on all of their faces."18!" yells 19 scurried into different directions. Mark, 2 and I jolt over the fence and hide in the play structure for awhile. While the rest of the boys are booking it to a safe haven. We eventually all meet back up at 1 house without getting "caught" by the authorities. It's nights like 6 were laughter really plays a key role between a big group of friends like I have. The laughing and running makes us closer as a group. it brings us together.
