         Love in 1 was a small boy, who didn't have very much ambition in life, he was taunted and teased to the point where he would just hide away in his house and not talk to anyone. The other boys at school would laugh at 1 for being so much smaller than themselves. He was never the fastest, strongest, or coolest but he was the smartest. He knew how to twist and turn any phrase to make himself feel superior to others. 1 was in truth lonely, he had never laughed or felt the cool touch of a lover. He wished dearly that he could be more outgoing to the point where a girl would fall in love with him. There was in fact a girl he had his eye on for months, her name was 1. She was the most beautiful girl he had have laid eyes on. He had followed her all over town, and rode his bicycle past her almost everyday when she was with her friend 1. 1 hated 1 for he had gotten to be with 1 everyday, and got to hold her and talk to her. 1 had envied 1 for around four months before he had messaged her on a website called "myyeabook" a place to meet new people and make friends. 1 had sent her a friend request and asked for her digits. Hoping she would find him attractive and let him text her. 1 accepted his request and sent him a message saying "4 I see your from the town next to mine, we should hang out sometime it would be cool." 1 had almost lost it when he had read this, he went and got a hair cut, and new clothes just so that she would think he was attractive and cool. 1 had went to the park with her friend 2 and waited for this fellow named 1. She and 2 had played on the swings, and spun each other on the spinning wheel. 1 had been riding his bike and set it down a hundred yards away from where they were. He walked over said "4." to 2 and proceeded to walk over to 2. He told her he thought she was beautiful and had an amazing smile. 1 blushed and asked him if he wanted to swing for a while. 2 took off home, seeing that 1 was going to be okay with this guy, and little did they know, they were made for each other. 1 let his guard down and told her some jokes, he laid out his life story almost with her, he was so comfortable around her and he didn't know why. 1 felt the same way, she laughed at his jokes, and told him her life story. In this one short meeting they had connected on a level that was far from their ages. 1 found out that 1 was smart, and loved to be outdoors, she was practically the female version of himself. After a month of conversation and hanging out off and on, 1 sent 1 a text message saying "6 you down to be my partner in life?" 1 was stunned and excited that 1 wanted her to be his girlfriend. 1 simply replied "6 you down to be mine?" 1 replied back to her "I love you." 1 was the happiest girl in the world that night of 1, 1 2. The two went everywhere together and did everything together, everyone knew that they were perfect for each other. 1 began to fall in love with 1 and after four months of being together told him finally. 1 was so elated that he went out and bought her a ring, and she graciously accepted it. 1 and 1 moved in together and started a family. A little laughter can go a long way, in anything you do, a job, a family, or even in the hopes of finding your perfect someone. 1 and 1 found that their love had come from that day many months ago in that park, laughing about even the smallest of things such as a corny joke, or an adventure of another can lead the way to a lifetime of true love. All it takes is a little bit of laughter.
