 My best friend 2 and I have a tradition that we made up. Every time she comes over to my house we always slide down the stairs in a sleeping bag. We came up with 1 4 she was spending the 1 at my house. While sitting on the staircase with nothing to do it suddenly hit me. I turned to 2 and said"1 could two little girls possibly do to have fun in the middle of the 1, 4 all they have to work with is a long staircase that has been sitting right under their noses the whole time?" and to 1 she says "I'm listening." 2 we were both getting excited because we finally found something fun to do.I said "I'll show you. We just need to get all the pillows we can find." The two of us scampered around the house looking in every room and brought all the pillows we could find back to the staircase."3 1 do we need all these pillows for?" 2 asked and was surprised 4 i said "for padding." 4 the pillows were set up at the foot of the stairs, I told her of my brilliant plan. She loved it! We couldn't wait to get started. "5 purple sleeping bag will be perfect for 1" said 2. I ran down the hallway to my room, snatched my sleeping bag, and sprinted back towards the staircase. My purple sleeping bag is super slick and was just the thing we needed to glide down the stairs. 2, 1, we are fourteen and fifteen 1 old, we still have fun doing 1. Over the 1 we have improved it, making it nerve racking and loads more fun. 2 and I have agreed on some safety precautions, which we thought were necessary. 4 we are just using the sleeping bag we don't need them, but as we have added on to that we have agreed to wear a helmet and sometimes add a few pillows. The helmet kind of scares my mom because it's even needed. One 1, while my parents were out, 2 and I had been eating way too much sugar and were extremely hyper. The two of us were sliding down the stairs but it was starting to get too easy,and wasn't as much fun as it was 4 we were about 1 1 old. We wanted to make it even bigger and better than ever before! We started brainstorming. My brothers room was upstairs and we somehow wanted to incorporate his mattress into our fun. 2 and I dragged the mattress out onto the staircase. We both sat down on the mattress, pushed off, and went shooting down the stairs. We could barely keep a hold of the mattress. The farther we went down the staircase, the farther we slid off of the mattress. We were laughing 3 hard 4 we got to the bottom, we almost slammed into the wall! It was 3 much fun. After that first ride we decided we had better put an extra pillow up on the wall somehow. One thing we hadn't thought about before we went crashing down the stairs, was how heavy the mattress was. It was very hard to get back up the stairs, but we didn't mind because we were having 3 much fun. 2 and I were getting tired 3 we decided to take a break. The two of us hauled the mattress up the stairs , it one last time before plopping down on the couch in the opposite room. Not too long ago my mom had bought an inflatable exercise bean. Shaped just like a real bean and had handles on both sides. 2 started messing around with it, and 4 she said "6 try it?"We both rushed back to the stairs, ready to have some more of the reckless fun that we love. Our imaginations were bouncing off the walls. 1 time the two of us felt it was time to mix everything together for the ultimate ride. We kept the mattress on the top of the stairs and measured out just where we needed my sleeping bag to be. Our idea was to be sitting on the exercise bean, on top of the mattress, slide down off the mattress, land on the sleeping bag waiting on the stairs to give us a turbo boost, and finally be sent flying into the pillows at the bottom of the staircase. I found some duct tape 3 the 2 could tape the sleeping bag to the floor. 2 let me go first. I was nervous because we'd never done 1 before. After a minute a finally pushed off. It was a bigger drop from the mattress to the stairs than I thought it would be. 4 I landed on the sleeping bag it was like being inside of the 1 video game, and hitting the turbo boost. It was scary but 4 I got to the bottom the two of us were laughing uncontrollably. We had 3 much fun. 
