     The 1 2 3!!! This 2 started out like any other 2. Me waking up thinking what am I going to do. So I walk out of my room, ask my mom if we have any plans. She says that we don't have any plans. So after I talked to her some more. I went back into my room and there I saw that I had gotten a text message from my 1 friend 3. He asked if I wanted hang out with him. I decided of course I can because I had no family plans. "I would love to hang out with you 3". 3 and I met at the 1 bus stop on royal and we went to 2. See now the reason why we went to 2 was because the 2 before I had gotten a gift card from my grandmother and fifty dollars from 4 (4 is my biological father). When we finally got to 2 asked me what are we going to get here. I said anything I want. him start busting up laughing. I bot a jackass shirt and some food. From 2 we went to 6 7 to get some delicious food. When we walked into the restaurant, the aroma from the place made us drool a little bit. 3 got a big bowl and stuffed 15 with everything he could. We ate so much. I ganged like ten pounds. We talked about life and how awesome the food was. Where we were going next was still undecided. We finally finished our food. I payed for the to bowls of food and we went to our bus stop and went to downtown 1. While we were on the bus 3 decided that we shall go to 1. So we got off the bus and what do you know my friends 8 boy, 9, 10, 2, and 4 were downtown chill en like a villain. 3 went and smoked a cigarette. While I went and checked the bus schedule for the 4 bus. Him and I had to wait for 2 minutes. So we gust hung out with our friends. 9 is the funniest guy 3. I laughed until I started to cry. I almost pissed myself. We left to go get on the bus, laughed some more. When we got to the 4 we had know idea why we even went there. So we just walked around. 3 decided that we should into the photo booth to make this 2 legit. I had a lot of fun getting our picture taken. Next place we went was 11-topic. I love that store. We were in there for 3. About two or so hours pass. At the 4 there is this park that you can go to but you have to cross the bridge to get to 15. 3 and I got bored and went on an epic adventure to this park. There was a couple trails that we walked. I tripped on a branch. 3 laughed at me. We found this piece of concrete. 3 and I put on some music and danced to 12 13. I love 14 music its really fun to dance to. I had orange soda that 3 drank. I took a lot of pictures of him drinking the soda. We pretended that the grass was lava and the concrete was a place for break dancing in cave man days. I took a video of 3 dancing and laughing to the song 15's the 1 2 3 by sponge bob. He also ate all of my chips that i bot at 2. After that we went back onto the trails and skipped through the tree's. I trow skittles at birds and old people. While telling them to taste the rainbow. We finally realized that we needed to get back home so him and I started walking back to the bus stop. Missed the first bus the caught the next one. Hung out downtown for an hour. Chilled with my downtown friends at 3 park. Got a donut from 3. That place is epicly bad ass! Got some intents from this cool store by the station. As the 2 ended 3 and I went our separate ways home. Both still to this 2 saying that, "that 2 was epic".
