One time I was at my friend 1's house, and her dog 3 was going crazy. She would run up and down the stairs as fast as she could and no one had any idea why. I thought it was so funny, but 1 was getting super mad at 3. So eventually 1 into her room to see if she would calm down, but to her dismay 3 did not. She was running hot laps back and forth all around the room and the more she did that the harder I laughed. It was like the most funniest thing I have ever experienced in my life. This dog had obviously gotten a hold of some kind of energy source to be this happen. Yet we still couldn't figure out what it was, but 3 was on a sugar high or something. So 1 and I went down stairs to see if her mom 1 knew why 3 was acting so ridiculous. She had no clue. So then we went and asked her dad 2, and he was convinced the dog was just crazy. Obviously the dog had some issues, but that wasn't the problem because 3 never usually acted this hyper before. Then 2, 1's sister came down stairs and told us to shut the dog up, but we couldn't. 3 was running to fast to catch her and was way to crazy to try and calm her down. So we took 3 back in 1's room and just laughed and laughed because there was nothing else to do but to sit there and wonder what the heck was wrong with this dog. To be honest, we never did find out what was wrong with 3, she was just insanely hyper and out of this world that 1. So after 3 had calmed down about 1 hours later, 1 and I went on a walk. We were with her friend 4 and I was trying to explain to him the story of how 3 went crazy that 1 and they didn't find it as funny as me. I thought it was the most hilarious thing I have ever seen in my life! And while I was explaining it to him, they had warned me I was about to trip over a curb, but I was laughing way to hard to notice and I fell. That was like the icing on the cake of 1. I just sat there on the ground and laughed, and so did they. It was pretty funny! I haven't laughed that hard since then. The end.
