 Laughter is the only expression in my opinion to always be positive. My dad claims laughter is the reason for his six pack, it works your muscles. 3 is very important in a relationship. If 5 don't have any kind of sense of humor, consider yours self inhumane. When it comes to my family, I am always 3. 3 is always positive and happiness follows is in life. If I have a problem I think of something that would make me laugh, a laugh is always nice.. Relationships can be created by having things in common, see my dad and I don't always get along. When we laugh everything else is silent, it sets the mood. If 5 didn't laugh around my dad he would ask "1 5 got a sore sense of humor?" 2 again if your not 3 with me at something funny, 5 must be an outsider. 3 is positive and positive energy is good. I laugh a lot, I laugh out loud. 5 would not have the relations 5 have 1 if it wasn't for 3. Some people say laughter is the shortest distance between two people. I agree with that statement. If it wasn't for laughter I think that I would be very negative, I would be disciplined more and to think I would be more distant with my dad. As I grow older I see me maturing, I laugh a lot less... My dad also see's the change, we have grown further apart witch is normal with every teenager growing up. My dad is very funny, and even know I'm glad to be growing up I wouldn't trade the world for the humorous relations I have with my dad. Laughter is all around, I see people walking down the street 3 on their cell phone. I hear of the phrase "3 all the way to the bank," I would be 3 if I was rich too. Being rich is a positive thing, but if 5 are not 3 and happy in life then money doesn't mean a thing. I could be poor and 3, and still be happy. If 5 are not happy in life then everything 5 have or worked for means nothing. Laughter brings people togethe,r 2 is no doubt. I've met many people by just simply "3." 5 will be surprised what 5 can get by just putting a smile on your face, or if 5 find something funny, "6." I have a very humorous dad, I would not change it. I believe everything happens for a reason, and I believe that everyone deserves a good laugh and to be happy. I think they deserve it, it's unfortunate not everyone is happy in life, so why don't 5 personally go out of your way and make someone laugh? 5 don't know their situation, it is nearly possible a laugh can take 5 many places. 5 never know what a laugh will bring 5 until 5 find out? Laughter is a strong element in relations, and can base a personality profile of someone and who they are.
