   Just One 1 2 3 A 4 5 the 1 of us, 2, 1 and I, walk under the cover of the trees, we decided to stop by the lake, in our usual meeting place where we have a perfect view, to have a chat. 1, who is six foot 1, has long raven-black hair that just barely tickles his chin, deep blue eyes, and is extremely attractive, plopped down in the wet green grass. But 2, who is six foot, has short brown hair, dark ocher colored eyes, chose to stand about 1 paces in front of us. To any person strolling by, he would have looked 5 if he was just enjoying the amazing view of the crystal water, but to us, who knew him all too well, knew he was thinking about his brother, 1, who was in the hospital. 1 had been in the wrong place at the wrong time, got in the middle of a homeless persons fight, not to mention the guy was drunk, and got stabbed with a rusty switch-blade. 2 felt like it was his fault that this had happened, and this made him so depressed that he would not 1 at any of our idiocy, or even eat for that matter. 2's feeling that way made 1 and I feel completely horrible and there was nothing we could do to cheer him up. 2 was usually the most exuberant out of all of us, and we did every single thing we could possibly so to make him feel better, or, at the very least, get him to 1 again. But not once could we budge him, or even get one little giggle out of his tightened jaw. Not one of our pathetic attempts even touched his eyes, but we never gave up, in fact, we tried for days on end to get him to smile again. We got to the point of desperation that we even dressed ourselves up 5 teletubies, went to 2's house, dragged him off of his couch, and took him downtown. Yet not one second of it did his mouth even twitch upwards. Although we did some of the most outrageous, unimaginably embarrassing things we could possibly think of, and trust me, we though about it for days. We got absolutely no response what so ever out of him, except, of course, his enormous yawns. Finally, about 1, we got him to giggle, which eventually turned into a full on, body shaking 1. You will never guess what finally got him to crack. 6-6 joke. Of all the horrendously obnoxious deeds we had done, cheesy, idiotic 6-6 jokes are what got to him. Although 1 and I felt like complete idiots, we could not help but 1 with him. After that day it was no longer a difficult process for him. 2 was almost, but not quite, back to his normal self. So our lives went on, and 1 got out of the hospital perfectly fine.
