 It's the first day of high school and your gut is full of butterflies that make you want to run to the bathrooms and hide from the world. I had 7 friends yet and I was to shy to go and join any of the groups so I walked to all of my classes alone. Students would get in my face wanting to know what school I came from and wanted to know all about me. I remember wanting to be left alone, hidden in my own bubble space. Girls would ask 5 I was upset since I wasn't smiling or having fun getting to know my new classes. Lunch was much more crowded than my old school. Students would sit in hallways eating their lunch or crowd around one big table chattering loudly to one another. I chewed on my lip looking for a spot that wasn't occupied by students. I found a table near the front of the lunch room that was empty and placed my brown lunch sack in front of me eating my peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Two boys and two girls rushed over and settled down next to me laughing at one another for not getting a seat next to me."1 I'm 3, what's your name?" was a skinny boy in a black caps response to me. "1" was all I replied to all of them who stared at me the entire time."That's a pretty name, I'm 1, this is 2, you just met 3, and 4 is the funny kid next to you with his orange back pack," I smiled and nodded to them 2 had on a 2 3 t-shirt and 2 had on a military uniform that said 4. They all ate lunch at the school and got pizza or sub sandwiches. They showed pictures of funny events on their phones to everyone even including me."5 that kid isn't careful he might get razor rash." I said laughing a little looking at the picture of a little boy sliding down a slide that looked like a cheese grader. 3 took off all his pepperoni and was flinging it randomly in the air. 2 was going to take a picture of everyone for picture id on her phone. 4 was next for his picture to be taken when the pepperoni in 3's hands slipped and landed smack on 1's face. I busted up laughing and everyone at the table joined in. 3 and I were clenching our stomachs and wiping away tears. 4 went to the bathroom to wash away the smell from his face and when he returned 2 said,"6 my word you should see your face I took your picture right after the pepperoni hit your face and your picture is just hilarious, your mouth is hanging open like your going to eat something and like your angry." 2 handed her phone to one person at a time and we all started to laugh again asking for 2 to send the picture to each of them."I was wondering 5 I could be your guys friend?" I asked looking them all in the eye. 2 was the only one to respond,"7 you can't be our friend, 1 duh 5 we didn't want to be your friend then we wouldn't be hanging out with you." 2 teased. My twisted gut loosened with re-leaf."8 we probably would have made some excuse to leave," 3 smiled. I laughed at myself for worrying that I wouldn't fit in or have friends who could make me laugh as hard as I did when the pepperoni stuck to 4's face.
