We're happy together 1 told me 2 we lay on his bed. I just smiled and I knew this was going to be a really good relationship. 5 always made me feel so great. 5 made me feel beautiful. Now don't say your too young to know what love is ,1 I've heard it from my mom every time I talked about him. But I know that no one has ever made me feel this wonderful about myself, made me feel perfect. When we are together it's fun. Most guys I have been with have not been 2 fun, 2 in our dates together, walking to the park too sit and talk, eating out to kiss in public. Before we were ever dating, We were best friends. We still are best friends. Everyone asked us 6 we were dating, The answer was always no we're best friend's, but I always wanted more. 5 has always made me laugh. I don't think we would have made such a strong couple 6 we didn't make each other laugh. Just thinking about 4 I first knew I loved him makes me laugh. I was walking to my 1 class, and out of no where 1 grabs my arm and pulls me into a huge bear hug, and buried his head in my neck and laughed and said "3, you have some toilet paper sticking out of your pants" I felt my face turn twenty different shades of red. I smiled and quietly asked him to hide me so I could grab it. When I got to my 1 class I was thinking to myself 4 could 5 just say that to me, 5 must of wanted to embarrass me. But the more I thought about what 5 did and 4 5 did it made me feel, well it made me feel like 5 really and truly cared about me. Wanting to help me out rather then embarrass me. I bet every other guy was laughing. Not 1... well after that happened we had a good laugh. After we laughed and joked about what happened to me, 5 looked up and kissed me. I didn't know 6 that was a best friend kiss, or a real love kiss. So I simply laughed. then 5 kissed me again. This time I knew it was a real love kiss. We weren't like most couples either. Which made us stand out, and the more we stood out the more people started to hate the fact that we were together. They would say some horrible things to me in the hallway about 1. Who knows what they were telling him. 7 some of my closest friends started to make rude comments toward me and 1. I know 5 didn't believe anything they were saying 1 5 would laugh at everything people would toss our way. When 5 laughed I would always ask him whats so funny, 5 would say "6 they rumors aren't true then laugh about them, that way people will know your not bother by them" I would have never thought about that. I'm the kind of girl who wears her emotions on her sleeve, so of course I would get a little peeved with all the stuff they were saying about us. After I started laughing at all the rude and nasty things people were saying,. They stopped talking about us, it was like magic. I never thought about being in 1 1 let alone 1, and finding a guy that would understand what I'm going through. Let alone someone who is going through something almost 2 difficult. My brother went to prison 1, and I don't think I could have be able to make it through 2 much 2 I did with 1. I cried almost everyday at 1 with him. It's been about a year now. Every time I go see my brother I remember what 1 said, "6 your happy the people around will be happy" so I always put on a smile to see 1, 7 though I know this will be the hardest years of my life. Laughing does really help. 7 6 nothing is funny just laugh. God put you on this 2 for a reason, and 6 you haven't found that reason laugh until you do. 1 the people in your life mean the world to you, and 6 they're down bring them up. I love 1 for helping me understand that life's to short to go unhappy then to have had a life without laughter.
