 Dog 1 Of 1 2 made me laugh every time I saw her droopy ears and pointy little nose. 2 was my best friend, my dog. 3 brought me happiness every moment I was with her. Barking at the squirrels in the backyard to keeping me warm at night. All the crazy stuff that amazing dog did, brought a smile to my face. The laughter and joy to my heart. Every 1 when we went camping with the 1 family, we had to bring her with us. We had to bring her her own sleeping bag and camping chair to sit in. After a long day of swimming and walking around the lake,2 would hop up in her chair and go to sleep by the warm fire. When we walked with the other families dog 2, 3 would carry her own leash like in her mouth like I would've been holding it. Every little thing 2 did differently than the average dog made us laugh. 2 was "4," as we called her. 3 also loved to "log." 2 pulled around giant logs or sticks in the water and chewed on them until there was nothing left but back. All of the grandparents loved her too. Grandpa had special cookies just for her because 2 didn't like just any cookie. The time 2 went over to his house on his birthday wearing her own party hat, jumping on his lap to give him a birthday kiss. He laughed so hard his eyes started to water. Every time we went somewhere the other grandma would beg to "6-sit," 3. Che loved her so much. When 2 was there 2 didn't get a kennel or a dog bed, 2 got the couch. 2 would take 3 into town to buy her a cheeseburger and go to the park. I taught her to do tricks like the 1 where 2 bounced on her hind legs in circles, and I also taught her 16 to speak. I would say "9's on top a house?" "10. (11)," "who was the greatest 12 player ever?" "10 (14 15)," and "16 does sandpaper feel?" "10." That made everyone laugh. We would spend hours doing nothing but tricks and playing in the back yard. Our family took her on 9 we called "3 1," to the river to go swim and fish with us. 2 had fun running and splashing with us in the water. We also took her to the coast to play on the beach.We took her everywhere with us, and 2 loved it. 2 was also the only dog at the park that knew 16 to slide. Everyone was so amazed at 9 2 could do. They had never seen anything like her before. 3 made many people laugh and smile when they saw her. 2 was my best friend and the smartest dog I knew. From going to the park to slide, camping and swimming to just being a lazy dog, 2 made me laugh. 2's gone now, but her memory still remains. 2 will never be forgotten. 
