1 as long as you breathe, love as long as you live. 2 was impossible, there was absolutely no way 2 could be real. Breathing seemed virtually unachievable, as if I was choking on air. Everything around me blurred, spinning viciously as I clung to the fresh cut grass. Tears diluted the burn in my eyes, but not the sting in my nose, though neither caused my body to tremble as 2 did. Attempted screams came out as muffled moans. Alone 8 helpless, I could feel her staring at me, unsure of what to 7. My best friend stood 8 watched as I grew more violent, pounding the dew soaked lawn with my fists, whimpers transforming into shrieks. A door slammed behind me 8 I felt the arms of my father, trying to guide me towards the house. Once inside, my dad buried my face in his chest in more of an attempt to silence my obnoxious wailing rather than comfort me. He apologized repeatedly, I imagine he didn't know what else to 7. 2 was too early for the In a better place" speech, but too late for everything to be okay. I continued to cry as stumbled up the stairs to my bedroom, 2 trailing close behind. Sitting on my bed 2 seemed like nothing was worse in the world. Suddenly, I was over-whelmed by the feeling I was missing something, like he was closer than I knew. I sat up to see his plastic sunglasses sat staring at me from my dresser. A black frame with neon blue sides. He 8 his "stunna-shades" danced through my head. Him standing out the car sunroof flexing shirtless, to propping himself up pretending to be awake in class. Seeing the glasses was like looking into his eyes. In my mind, his face held grief 8 frustration, he didn't want me crying. The few times tears fell down my face he'd say, "3 on, suck 2 up 8 take 2 like a man!" I knew in my heart he wanted me to be with the people he loved 8 he wanted us to be smiling. With the morning sun beating on my back, I pedaled my bike as fast as my legs would allow. Reaching her front porch, I realized immediately the time I was about to spend in that house, would be like none before. When I let myself in as I always did 6 peered around the corner, eyes swollen 8 discolored. I took four steps forward 8 met her with a tearful embrace, in which I apprehended 6 wished I was him. 6 loved him in a way I'd never fathomed, but the desperate longing to be held by a loved one, I knew all too well. We cried 8 held each other because there was nothing more we could 7. When there was a pause in the sobs 8 3 actually looked at me for the first time, noticing I looked just as terrible as 6 did. I reached into my pocket 8 pulled out his sunglasses. 2 was hard not be selfish at a time where all I wanted was to be comforted, but I knew what I had to 7. Forcing a smile seemed infeasible, but I knew 2 was my next step. Her gaze drifted down to the palms of my hands. "4 5." 6 started weeping once more, I held her 8 tried to be strong. More of my friends crept out of the kitchen, tear stained 8 reddened as well. I smiled at them gently. They all took notice to the sunglasses in my hand, but didn't understand, they hadn't know him the way 6 8 I did. We spent the day gathered around with a loss of words 8 hunger, our pizza sat untouched, the television on just to break the silence. No one said much, about anything. "7 you remember the time he hid our biology project in the freezer?" I felt the question 3 up like vomit, too large to swallow. They just looked at me, not sure what to think. I feared I spoke too soon, I began to assume all of the melancholy 8 crying was supposed to continue uninterrupted for longer than 2 had. 3 smiled 8 nodded to my relief. "8 you got mad because he kept putting the nuts in your noodles." I laughed aloud, I couldn't help 2. I was flooded by the memory of him trying to act confused as to why the boiling water had cashews floating on top. "7 you remember how he'd always braid your hair?" 3 smiled even greater. The rest of that month was filled to the brim with tears, but 2 overflowed with laughter. When 1 died, laughing was the last thing I wanted to 7. 1 always generated the larger portion of my laughter, 8 with him gone I never imagined I would 1 again. But in reality, just because he left too soon doesn't mean the laughter did. My beatitude in his memory will never die."
