         1 blew my mind the first time I seen her. She was my other half. Everything we did together was perfect. She made me laugh with everything she said. She was my better half would sum it all up. I still remember when I first seen her in 1. The nickname of the town was 1 4 hell because of where it was located, in the middle of nowhere. We met when I was on vacation at 1. My parents had just retired a few months before and were looking for a cozy retirement home away from the big city's and more closer 4 the good eastern 2 mountains that seem 4 always have snowy tops and beautiful landscapes. We ended up staying there for a week or so in this little trailer that we took with us. That thing was hell on earth, every time we stopped I would have 4 set everything up even if we weren't going 4 use it. It was a two hour process and after the hundredth time you can see how I would get bored. looking for a great house 4 stay in that town was not hard 4 come by. They were all amazing homemade houses. Never was a contractor paid 4 build these houses because the men of the town made them by hand. They were incredible two story oak made houses that look like they could take a tornado coming out with only scratches. We ended up finding this one house that was so amazing that I wanted 4 live there right off the bat, surprisingly my parents wanted it 4. But the sad thing is is that we had 4 sell our house first or we wouldn't be able 4 afford it, so we put that house on the "4 5 6" and headed back 4 the trailer. We had another 1 days or so there and I was officially bored out of my mind. I needed something 4 do besides stock the fire and make sure the hot dogs did not burn. I jumped on my dads bike and rode into town ( the trailer park was located about half a mile out of town). I arrived in town 4 be very disappointing. It was just as boring riding a bike around town and stopping inside the shop 4 make small talk just as sitting by the fire in 2 degree weather. In my mind it was just another boring vacation but little did I know it was about 4 get a lot more fun. I woke up the next day and took my shower and got ready for the day. It seemed like another boring day in hell from what I could tell. 4 me fun was doing stuff I normally would not do. But back then 1 and places like that just did not cut it because all I did that 1 was go 4 places like this and do nothing so it was expected of me 4 be bored. I rode my bike around a corner and I saw a bunch of guys and girls that looked like they just came from fishing or tubing or something fun, so I rode over 4 see what was going on. I started talking 4 a guy named 8. He told me they just got back from a youth group get together on the snake were they went tubing and cliff jumping. I was in aw. That seemed crazy 4 me. Cliff jumping? Tubing? It seemed way 4 crazy for a youth group. But I guess that's just how they do things in 1. They just don't go have a picnic they go do crazy stuff that I personally have not done any of the things they were talking about because for one i not crazy and for two I have never had the chance. We kept talking and before they all left they invited me 4 go on there nature hike up on top of this mountain. I was more than happy 4 oblige seeing as I love hiking. I woke up in the 1 feeling all hipped up and ready 4 rock. I had my permission slip signed and I was ready for a good ole hike. I jumped on my dads bike and rode into town at five in the 1 and arrived at the youth administrators house just in time for a protein shake for breakfast ( he offered it 4 me I did not ask). We drove 4 the mountain and at the base there were around 3 4 4 people all in hiking gear. It surprised me because I was not expecting so many people. That's when I met 1. She was gorgeous so I was attracted 4 her immediately. We began the climb and I began 4 talk 4 her. We were like two pees in a pod. I couldn't get enough of her and her of me. Her laugh made me extremely happy. She was my other half. All I can remember is her amazing laugh.
