 Starting a story out with two 1 1 old boys named 1 can already be considered a comedy. Those are the names of my identical twin cousins 1 I can honestly admit that they are 2 of the funniest kids I know. My uncle isn't exactly the most intelligent human on earth, 1 by the way he named his children it's apparent that his sense of humor is a little bit off, but he's a really hard working man. Occasionally my mom does him favors by taking the twins off his hands for a little while because they can be a handful. Weekends are specifically better to have them over because of my hateful step siblings whom hate me, my brother, my sister, 1 even my mom. The amount of tension in the house isn't a healthy amount, so a couple of 1 1 old running around livens it up a little 1 makes us all laugh together as a family. It must have been 1 in 2 when 7 was home 1 we were building onto our house when the twins came over. My mom was getting quite furious at their insanely high energy levels, she appeared to be on the verge of ripping out all her hair. My step dad 1 needed to go to 2's for nails 1 child locks 1 I decided to tag along with him. I thought it would have been a great idea to take the twins with us, just to relieve my mom of the loud mouths for a few minutes. We loaded up the car 1 I drove down the highway, amused with the twins in the back seat playing with the ponies 1 laughing at the people stopped at red lights. We all sang songs like twinkle twinkle little star, 1 the 2's until we arrived in the 2's parking lot. 1 finds it pretty hilarious to run down the isles 1 hide behind items on the lower shelves, while 1 enjoys pretending he's 1 1 getting 7 confused. Eventually the twins were being too obnoxious, resulting in 1 1 me catching them 1 holding them as captives in the seat-belts of the 2's cart. It was helpful but didn't do as much justice as we had hoped. We continued along on our adventure in search of the child locks, 1 found them down isle 4. There was a large man standing in front of our destination 1 when i say large I don't mean muscular, or tall... I mean he probably has a few too many 1 shows he watches daily, 1 maybe a few too many favorite snacks. His hair was long 1 sandy blond, he wore a dark purple 2 die shirt 1 slip on sandals. 1 apparently hadn't realized how inappropriate it is to talk about a person in a rude fashion, especially when they can hear you. He said, "3 cow 1 look at that lady! She's so huge!" 1 laughed outrageously 1 agreed. "4! She's as big as our whole car!" I panicked a bit 1 tried to get them to be quiet, however the twins paid 5 attention to me, they were much more excited to see the man on the tall ladder next to me giggling 1 laughing along with them. They were quiet for a moment then 1 gasped 1 exclaimed, " 5 she's as big as a fire truck!" The man turned around 1 glared at me; i apologized at least 5 times 1 started to take the boys out of the isle when the man on the ladder hit a button to make the ladder move. I was walking behind the larger man when the ladder made a ridiculously loud beeping sound, like that of a construction vehicle. The boys screamed in fear 1 shouted frantically, "6 run as fast as you can hurry! She's backing up 1 she's going to squish you on the floor!" 7 laughed, even the man they were making fun of, but i was so embarrassed that i just took them to the car 1 waited for 1. I tried to explain to the boys in the car that only big trucks beep when they are backing up, but unsurprisingly, they didn't listen to a word i said. 1 only took approximately 6 more minutes before he came jogging out the door with the nails, the child locks, 1 a gigantic smile plastered on his face. I thought about what had happened in the store 1 i chuckled quietly until 1 hopped into the truck, then i started laughing profusely. When I returned home I told my mom what had happened, she laughed for a while 1 i laughed even harder 1 quite a bit longer than i had before. I went to sleep with a fairly massive headache that night, but i think it was worth laughing all day for.
