 Laughter is an important part of my family. We laugh together, we breathe together, and we'll die together. When it comes to a family the most important thing that brings 1 as one besides having fun, loving each other, and spending quality time together is what makes 1 laugh and what keeps 1 close. For me, my siblings, and parents we always have to have a good time and laugh, whether one is upset or the other is mad. It doesn't matter what the situation is 3's always a time where we have the best times even 2 points when one of us doesn't want to see one another. I was spending an adventurous day with one of my close friends, 1 and we decided it was time to go home and get ready so I could go spend the night 2 her house. When 1 and I stepped in my house 3 was so much commotion going on and yelling that we decided maybe we should sit down and figure out what was going on. As we sat down we began to bust up laughing 2 the sight of my step dad, 1 yelling 2 my oldest sister, 1. We didn't know what had just happened, but we really wanted to find out. "I can't believe 1 just can't go next door to 2's house and ask for toilet paper when I've been sitting anxiously on the toilet with hope 1 would bring me toilet paper for an hour. Yet, they came to our house and asked for our plunger which is far more embarrassing," 1 said. As soon as those words violently came out of his mouth we started cracking up laughing. It felt like my stomach was tightening so much that I couldn't breathe. With as much attitude as 1 can put in your tone of voice, 1 had said, "1 don't need toilet paper to clean yourself with! 1 could have easily hopped in the shower and used the shower head to wash off the poop!" 2 that point 3 was no going back 2 what she had said. My step dad was furious that she would even say such a thing. Without any hesitation 6 quickly picked up the phone and dialed my mothers number. Waiting, and waiting for her to pick up. Suddenly, 1 and I heard a voice on the phone. 1 began screaming telling my mom about the situation. It got to a point where 6 said some words that 6 shouldn't have said. As the words rolled off his tongue 6 began to stutter. 6 spoke, "3 was no toilet paper and 1 wouldn't go and grab me some from 2's house. Unfortunately, I had to get up, get my hand wet, and wash my hands after I wiped my butt with my own hand." 3 was no stopping us from laughing as hard as we could. I had never heard of something so disgusting that made me want to throw up all over our leather couches. 6 was so anxious to take my sister's phone away that 6 immediately asked for it before confronting my mother about it. 6 didn't care even if my mom told him that 6 couldn't take it away. 6 wanted possession of it so 6 knew how my sister would feel. Not only did 6 take away her phone, but 6 took away her right to use toilet paper after using the bathroom. I don't know how long I laughed over that, but it felt like I was going to pee all over myself. As 1 and I continued laughing 6 ran up the stairs as fast as 6 could rummaging through all the bathrooms in our house to get every last little square of toilet paper 3 was. Sad part was 6 even took off the shower head so that my sister wouldn't be able to use that also to clean herself. My mother got home and 3 was nothing to say. 6 was so embarrassed that we had heard that 6 had wiped his butt with his hand. Not only that, but i had put the story as my status on 5 and 6 had saw. I didn't mention any names besides 1 and I's, but the fact 6 knew the story was about him made his cheeks turn as red as a cherry. 1 began to wonder. My sister had said 3 was no toilet paper and when 6 asked if 3 was napkins she also said, "no." 6 started looking through cabinets and soon found napkins. 6 was so mad, but 2 the same time laughing really hard. 6 felt like 6 should look for the brighter side of the situation. A week has gone by and my step dad, 1 still hasn't put one roll of toilet paper in the bathroom. 6 said, "1 1 think it's funny when it happens to me, but it'll be funny when 1 don't have any toilet paper."
