 During the 1 break my family went to 4 except for my older brother. We were head to 1, 4. The ride there was long but we made it. When I woke up at my grandparents house there was already snow! I was very excited. They got about six to eight inches of snow. We rested before we went out to enjoy the snow. Later while I was outside I got a visit from old friends of mine. I hadn't seen them since 1. We talked and hung out. They told me that I was lucky to get out of school early for 1 break. They still had to got to school. I told them that if they're lucky then they would have to go to school for only half of the week. And they did get lucky. 3 they went to school and the rest of the week they got off because the roads were icy. I was very happy that they got the rest of the week off, now we were able to actually hang out during the break. That night my grandma made us some barbeque chiken, scalloped potatoes, green beans and corn, and rolls. It was really good. I love my grandmas cooking and she's the head chef at the school that she works at. She is an amazing cook! 2 was a very cold day. My friends invited me to go shoot air soft guns. It would me my first time. Being with my friends again was fun. While I was trying to shoot an air soft gun, my friend 6 told me that I was shooting it wrong. "3 am I shooting it wrong?" I asked him. He told me that he didn't really know and that I suck at shooting. I reminded him that it was my first time. Then he put his arms around me to try to help me aim better. It was very awkward but I was a little frustrated. Sometimes I hate it when people try to help me when I don't want it. And that was one of the time. But he was one of my good friends so it wasn't too bad. When we were done, 6 asked my to hold onto his air soft gun while he was getting something. He had also told me that the safety was on. So while I was waiting, I was spinning the gun on one of my fingers and somehow I shot him in the back. He freaked out a little bit and asked why I shot him. "I didn't mean too. I was spinning the gun on my finger and somehow I shot you! Pluse you said that the safety was on!" 6 forgave me and told me that it wasn't my fault because it wasn't. He saw that our friends 1, 3, 3, 1 were laughing and so was my cousin 4. 4 confesed that he was the one that shot 6 in the back. So 6 decide that he was going to shoot 4 back. Then somehow it beacame an all out shooting between all of us. I had lots of fun that day. It's one of my favorite memories when I was there. While I was still in 4, my 5 4 asked if I can babysit for her. So the next day after lunch I let my little cousin 2 play in the backyard after he was done eating. My baby cousin 5 was taking a nap so I told 2 that we can't be to loud. I decide to go play outside in the snow with him. After we were done we decided to go back into the house. We got locked out. Then I remembered that 1 when my 5 was still home, 2 was messing with the lock. So I decided to go around the house and try the front door. It was locked too. 2 told me that the garage door can open, but he didn't know the code. I felt really stupid. After a couple minutes more we went over to one of their neighbors house so that I can call my 5 because I didn't have her cell phone number. But the neighbor only had their house number. Then I called my dad so that I can get her number. I told him what happend and he started to laugh. 5 was still taking her nap so things were still kind of ok. I called my 5 and we waited until she got home. She told me that it was ok and it happend to her twice while 5 was taking a nap. She also said that sometimes before she goes outside she takes a key with her of makes sure that the door was unlock. I learned a little lesson that day. But other than that 2 and I had fun outside. I had such a great time while I was in 4. Just being in 4 is one of my favorite places to be. Espicially when I'm with my friends and family.
