 Many believe that laughter is the key to the start of a great friendship. 1 can mend the broken bridges between people and even make awesome relationships even better. Laughter can be such a powerful thing and most don't understand 7 powerful. I especially didn't know until two years ago when I met 1. 1 only took the move of my former 3 2 to understand laughter's full potential of the beginning of a great friendship 1 all started a couple weeks before school ended when the news was received. At the time i was part of a small 3 group, in a small church, in a small town. 3 2, 2 and 3 were moving, and would no longer be able to lead the 3 group. The entire church congregation was saddened by the sudden news. But none were as depressed as the 3 that they had touched in their many years in ministry. We had grown used to the couple. Many of the few that had been around the longest , including myself, had spent nights at their house, or in my case babysat their young daughter. They were like family to all of us and no one wanted to see them go. But sometimes I wonder if they hadn't what would have happened. Many well wishes and tears were exchanged between the day they had departed. As a congregation everyone thought that no one could ever touch our hearts they way that they had. But that was just a thought. Two short months later, word had gotten around that someone from 1 was traveling here to our small town in 2 for an interview for the newly open position. All the teenagers were guarded the moment that he had walked through the door. His name was 1, only in his early twenties, but had quite a lot of experience in ministry. My first thought was that this must be some kind of joke! 7 could he lead a group of kids if he's only a kid himself!? I wasn't very keen of him. Neither was anybody else. But something was very different about him. He wasn't afraid to tell us about his life, 7 he had grown up, and seemed to be totally honest with everyone of our questions we asked. And that was when we knew as a 3 group that maybe he was the one. Even though I knew 1 would be our new 3 4 I still didn't want to accept 1. I tried and tried to avoid him although 1 always seemed we were having to deal with each other more than either of us wanted to. So finally, 1 decided 1 was time that the two of us needed to get to know each other. One 1 1 my mom got a call from someone at the church, she wouldn't tell me who, but that I needed to go. So I did. And who was there? 1, in the sanctuary just the two of us and the associate 4, because 1 would be too inappropriate for us to be by ourselves. " your mom didn't tell you 6 your here, did she?"I laughed, " 6 no she didn't" " 7 do you feel you and I talk? Go hang out, wherever you want?""um....ok 7 do you feel about going to 1?" The question was puzzling to him, 1 did to most, but he accepted the idea. "8 6 are we going to 1?" he said as he pulled into the parking lot." I don't know 1 was just the first thing that popped into my head."We both chuckled. I felt more at ease with him now and actually thought for the first time that maybe this would be a pretty fun trip. As we walked through the building 1 started to be quite boring. But the boredom faded away as we decided to pass through the toy aisle, and set off all of the toy alarms and sirens. Toy after toy had started to go off as we went through the aisle touching every toy that made some kind of absurd noise that would drive anyone up the wall, which many did. Finally we walked around the store to other departments in the store and got to know each other a little better. 1 surprised me that both of us liked a lot of the same things. He told me more of his childhood like 7 he was adopted and what 1 was like before hand and afterwards. 1 was wierd that only a short time ago I didn't want anything to do with 1 and now I was walking around 1 laughing and just having a good time. That was about three years or so ago. Shortly after 1 had to leave. Many rumors were told 6 because he didn't really tell anyone other than the fact that the council had asked him to leave. No matter the reason I still am in touch with him and am glad that the day at 1 had happended.
