All Of us now how to laugh and all of us probably have laughed at least once in our entire lives. But I never laughed as hard as I did the day my friend 1 and I were waiting for our friends 1, 2 and 3 to come back from getting 3 from 3 to come down and hang out for a little while. 1 had to wait at my house for them to get back, on the way to my house I'm thinking what in the world am I supposed to do with 1 all alone? 1 and I always have a lot of fun hanging out with each other but we always have people around when we do hang out, I anticipated when 1 got there cause I couldn't think of what me and 1 could do when we were at my house with out 2 and 4 being there. We couldn't hang out in the house because my 3 had a cold, so we had to go outside in to the shop which is also called a garage, and hang out together until 2 and 4 got 1 finally showed up and I didn't feel as sick as i thought that I would when she got there, she got out of the car and came in, we went straight to the shop and got started on trying to find something to do, 1 suggested that we sat down and just talked, I was up for anything as long as it was fun and didn't involve going anywhere at 2: 3 4 clock at night. I sat there and asked her about her life was she happy, did she hate living in 2 and a lot of other stuff. but then the ultimate topic of conversations came up... T.V. commercials. we talked about all of our favorite 5 commercials and why they were our favorite, I told her my favorite commercials of all time were the freecreditreport.com commercials, the old ones not the new ones, and that the reason i loved them so much was because they had real life situations in them that made them very easy to believe but they were also sort of hard to believe cause i don't know anyone who has had to work at a restaurant dressed as a pirate because of identity theft, or someone who has had to buy a really cruddy car because their credit score was whack, and I've also never heard of a used sub compact? Any-who 1 said that her favorite commercial was a car commercial that had dancing hamsters in it telling you which car would be the best choice to go with, 1 was describing the commercial to me and actually started dancing in the middle of my garage. It was quite funny but at the same time some what disturbing. 1 is a really good friend even if she is a little goofy sometimes but the best thing about having 1 is knowing that when ever i need a really good friend i have 1 after the whole dancing bit i knew what i wanted to while 1 was there... I wanted to be crazy and hyper I wanted to be so full of energy the world fastest runner wouldn't be able to keep up with me! I went into the kitchen and downed some sugar and got about as hyper as 1, only less, then the time almost flew by before we knew it 2, 1, and 3 were there we couldn't believe it. 3 got out of the car and the first person he gave a hug to was 1 of course, then he gave me a hug, then 4, then 2. I hadn't seen 3 in so long it was like we had never met before. 1 showed everyone her dance and the song, everybody laughed so hard i thought they were gonna pass out I had a lot of fun that night mostly because of 1, she was very nice she was funny and she kept me thinking about other things then what was on my mind at the time 1 was a big ball of hyper that night, I thought that it was funny. We were just standing there in the shed and she goes "mouse" and I scream and jump up on to a chair and scream "14!" 1 reassures me that it was in the rafters and couldn't come down and get us so for the rest of the time we just acted like he wasn't even there I'm really lucky to have 1 and I'm really glad for the day i worked up enough courage to go over and say hi to her that day in art cause other wise id be lost 1 is the best friend a girl could ever ask for and I was fortunate enough to get her for my best friend. She is smart funny and talented and I would miss her if she were gone 17 really glad she moved down here from port orford.
