 I kept my head low as I walked through the halls of the brand new school I'd been signed up to attend. Students passed me with warm smiles, but I didn't dare meet their gazes, I couldn't. This is what real school is like, I thought to myself. I'd always been home schooled, since before I could remember, and now my parents felt that I should be introduced to a public school, in my last year of middle school 12 less. My dark, curly brown hair fell into my face as I entered my first class, acting. The room was warm and dimly lit as students began to recite their lines; the sets were colorful and I instantly recognized them as the garden from 2 in 1. I suddenly let out a small yelp as my foot caught in the doorstop, sending me tumbling into a chair. Deep red color flooded to my cheeks as I looked up and realized that every student in the room was staring at me. I let out a troubled sigh and brushed my hair over my face, wishing I was back home, in my favorite chair studying for my mother's vocabulary tests. I glanced up through my hair and a quick smile flashed across my face as I realized I was 12 longer the center of attention. "1, you must be 2, the new student." 1 said warmly. I smiled and nodded my head slowly, "3, that would be me." 4 smiled at me just as I'd smiled at 13, but 13 smile seemed sad, "I'm sorry dear, but all the parts for this play have been taken, but you are more than welcome to help paint the sets next class." I nodded and reached into my backpack, pulling out a book and quickly buried my nose into the pages of my favorite romance novel. I was instantly taken to another time and place, and I wished with all my heart that I could truly go there. I was suddenly jerked from my imagination when a small pixie looking girl took a seat beside me. 4 didn't say anything for a moment, just looking at me. 13 hair was a few shades darker than mine, more black than brown but 4 wore 14 8. 13 bright blue eyes twinkled with imagination, as did 13 face. Something about 13 seemed kind. Maybe 14 was the way 13 dimples came out even though 4 wasn't smiling, or 14 could have been the way 4 sat, tall with confidence. "5, hello?" I murmured, closing my book, careful to mark the page. "I didn't mean to interrupt, but you looked all alone, and I thought I'd come over and say hello. My name is 6, but everyone calls me 7." 4 said with another smile, making 13 dimples come out even more. I chuckled softly and returned 13 smile, "8, I'm 2, nice to meet you." "10, don't take this the wrong way, but you aren't from around here, are you?" 4 asked hesitantly. My smile fell slightly, "12, I've always been home schooled, I've never actually been to a public school before." 13 smile fell with my own, and i could tell that 4 knew what I was talking about. "14's not always a bad thing though, I'm glad that I'm finally getting to go to a public school." I murmured, the lie coming easily. 4 laughed and layed a soft hand on my shoulder, "12 need to lie," I knew that half of 13 words were serious, and the others playful but something deep inside of me shifted. I barely knew this girl but I felt that I could trust 13, and that we could be friends. We laughed and joked the rest of the class, and I was almost always caught up in the way that 4 constantly got flustered while trying to explain things to me. 4'd try and use 13 hands, make movements, just to explain, which always took us into a new round of giggles because of how ridiculous we both were acting and I was startled when the bell for lunch rang, had time really passed that fast? 7 smiled at me, "16 for lunch 2?" A smile broke out across my face, maybe I wasn't as alone as I'd thought. With just a few giggles and laughs, an entire friendship was planted in a ground that I'd thought was to stony to hold any life at all. By just opening myself up a little bit, and showing a side of vulnerability and even fear, I'd opened the doorway to an entire future of conversations, to smiles, tears, secrets but above all, hope. This place was 12 longer a place of torture, exclusion and sadness, but a place where I could go to see my new friend, a friend who eventually became my sister, a woman who I began to trust and understand with all my heart, and I finally came to realize that we weren't as different as I'd once thought. We were one and the same all along.
