 Laughter between two people is one of the ways you know if you are really good friends. Laughter between each other is what cheers you up if your having a really bad day. It is the reason you know you have a great bond in your relationship. Laughter is the bond between my two best friends and I. It is why we have been friends for so long. One of my best friends is named 1 and the other is 3. I have been friends with them for 1 years now. We are all very close and we do every thing together. We hang out together, we play soccer together, we live close together, and we laugh together. 1 loves to go camping with her family in the 1. The past 2 years she has taken 3 and I along. 2 last trip I had been texting a lot on the trip 3 i was the only one who had service at the camp site. 1's mom had yelled at me for texting so much, which had mad me kinda angry. 1 and 3 had agreed with 1's mom and yelled at me to. I yelled back 3 I didn't like how 1 were all ganging up on me. I said "I know, I'm getting off the phone. Just shut up!" 1 were both really surprised that I said that and became intimidated. We all stopped talking and things were really awkward for a little while. Then our friend 2 who was also on the trip with us had fallen flat on his face while he was trying to do a cartwheel. 3, 1 and I all tried not to laugh 3 we were mad at each other, but we couldn't help it, it was just too funny. So we burst out laughing together and realized that we shouldn't be mad at each other. We knew there was no way that a little fight like that was going to stop us from being friends. We all hugged each other and said "I'm sorry." 2 is why laughter is such a great thing, 3 there's nothing better than knowing you have friends that are there for you and can always make you laugh even when your mad at them. It can make your bond between each other stronger and can really repair any damage that has broken a relationship. In my case laughter has fixed many problems like 2 and always will.
