When you laugh, is 5 out of habit, or is 1 cause? What are the causes for laughing? Is 1 even such a thing as a "cause" for laughter? I'm sure that if you were to get a scientist's opinion, you would be given an in-depth, technical explanation for the cause of laughter; but does that mean that laughing is simply a message sent from the brain to the required muscles? Certainly not! The true cause is what was said or done to cause the brain to send the message to the required muscles to physically make a person laugh. So what makes people laugh? A funny joke, a senseless action, a misunderstanding? 5 can be anything! Without a doubt, one thing that makes people laugh is having a delightful time with a friend or two. 1, 3 older sister 4 and I unknowingly went out on an adventure. We were headed to 2, 1 to visit our very best friends, 2 and 3, who happened to be almost completely identical to 3 sister and I in personality; 2 being like 4 and 3 being like me. Now, whenever the four of us got together, 1 was no telling what kind of humorous and insane memories we would all go home with; all we knew was that hanging out together 8 failed to brighten up our days and put a smile on our faces. This particular day, both 3 and I were in desperate need of each other's full attention and up-lifting spirits. She and I had both been going through a rough patch with some friends at our schools (oddly enough, we were both having friendship issues with someone named 1, and we didn't even go to the same school), so after some discussion between both of our sets of parents, they agreed to have 2 pick up 3, 4 pick me up, and well all meet somewhere to take our minds off the antagonizing situations were were both suffering through. We decided to meet in 2, at 2 and 3's house. When we pulled into their drive way, I could feel 3 body being filled with excitement, as if the emotion was trapped inside some kind of storage container inside of me that was too small to hold all the contents that were being held inside. Before the car engine was completely turned off, 3 seat belt was off and I was half-way out of the car door. I slammed 5 shut once 3 body had slithered its way free and ran for the door. To 3 surprise, 5 was unlocked! I pushed 5 open obnoxiously yelling, "I'm heeeeeeeereeeeeeee!" 1 was a cry of laughter that filled the room. I hugged both of them in one tight squeeze, and almost as if 3 and I had our very next move planned out, we immediately began chattering about the incidents that had occured that day as we took a seat on the couch. All that could be heard was, "2 3 4! I have to tell you what happened today!" and " I can't believe she said that!" or "...and she said...and then I was like...so then she says..."5 was just as if we had taken up the life of a drama-ridden teen straight out of the movies. Things were going as they normally would have; 2 and 4 dwelling close to 3 and I in the dining room locatated at the far end of the couch where she and I sat, still completely involved in our similar freshman-year-of-high school worlds. They were completely immersed in their own conversations of old memories we'd had together. All of a sudden 2 shouts, "2! 3 and I baked you brownies!" 7 off guard by his intejection, we all once again fell into laughter, although this time, making our way toward the kitchen in search of said brownies. When we arrived, 1 sat a pan of brownies on the middle counter. 3 uncovered 5 and gave us each a napkin with which a brownie sat on top. We stood together, leaning against the tile counters, enjoying our brownies and the company of one another. Suddenly, 1 was a dull moment; no one was saying anything. As if to fill the silence before a timer ran out, 2 blurted out, "4, do you wear a wig?" 8 in our lives have any of us laughed as hard as we did at that moment. 3 fell to the ground, 2 and 4 were leaning upon each other for support to keep from falling, and I was completely doubled over, trying desperately to keep the sip of milk I had just taken inside of 3 mouth. Minutes creeped by, and we were still laughing at the off-key remark. To this day, 4 and I remenise upon that afternoon and the laughter that was shared upon us and our very, very best friends. 
