 I love laughing! Laughing makes me feel satisfied and happy. When I laugh with someone I don't know, I feel like I've known them for a long time. When I laugh with someone I do know, I feel fully content. But there is one person with whom I love to laugh with most of all, my cousin 1. I think that laughing is an important part of our relationship because when we laugh, its magical. Magical as in how fast and 5 it takes to make one of us laugh. We will say almost anything, the most random but humorous things, then we will laugh until we literally cry. One 1, when we were talking on the phone, we decided to call up our other cousin anonymously. When he didn't pick up we hung up disappointed. I was thinking of the 1 movie that I had just watched a few hours ago and an idea slowly started coming to me. I started talking in 1 to my cousin, pretending that I was our aunt from 2. I told her how I was coming over for a visit in the 1 11 they had better be prepared. I like my bed nice and soft, fluffy pillows, and my own bathroom. I was the picky aunt. I want everything perfect for when I come. We laughed and laughed. Then 1 says to me, "3 don't we call 4 again and if he doesn't pick up, we'll leave a message." "5 will we say in the message?", I asked. "6'll just say that 6're his aunt from 2 and that 6're coming for a visit and all the rest 6'll just make up.""7", I said hesitantly. I dialed star six seven then his number and pressed talk. Luckily, no one picked up. But when the answering machine beeped allowing me to record a message, I was speechless. Then I started in my high picky aunt voice, "8 4, this is your aunt 1 and I..." I burst out laughing before I could continue. "I.. I'm coming over for a visit in..", again I exploded. I could hear 1 laughing in the background, which made me laugh even harder. I tried again this time getting farther into the story laughing here and there. By the time I had reached the maximum amount of time for the message, I was 11 into it that I didn't want to stop. When the message ended, I was only half way done. 11 after the answering machine was done talking, I pressed two to here my message. As I listened, I couldn't help thinking about 5 a complete fool I sounded like. 1 kept shushing me each time I laughed to loud, but I could tell she wanted to laugh too. She was just holding it in. When I hung up, I called her back and when she answered I said, "10 do it again because I didn't finish."11 we called again and this time I said the rest more willingly and I barely laughed. I was saving it for when we listened to it. When we had our fill of laughter and wiping tears, 1 said, "That was the most hilarious thing we ever did together, we have to do it again sometime." "For sure", I told her. But it was late into the 1, and time to go. When we had finished our good bye's and I love 6's we hung up. That 1 and every other time I laugh, I think 5 would it be like if no one could laugh. 5 a boring place this would be, 5 a lifeless life. When I laugh, I feel lively. I want to live to laugh another day. If there were no laughter, that would be a shame, for I dearly love to laugh. 
