 The human brain is a piece of work. Its the kingdom to our lives. It infuriates us, guides us, helps us and destroys us. Our brains can make our bodies feel anything it wants to. Its really something else. One of the most valuable things are brains are capable of is a sense of humor. Laughter. The ability to not take life to seriously for a moment. That light switch in 7 body that causes 7 brain to reach a state of uncontrollable happiness. Laughter is our brains only way of coping with the world. Scoping out the comical events life has to offer us. I am personally one of those people that finds everything in life funny, or will find a way to make it funny. I am hardly ever serious nor take things seriously. The same with my friends, we are always the people having a good time because we make life interesting. Maybe its our gnarly facial expressions we exchange one another, or we 1 just be funny looking. Either way we have a sense of humor. That's 4 life is about, 1 7 happiness with people who fill 7 life with joy. 1 said, "live simply, so that others can simply live." I 9 we all can with a little sense of humor. Last year a couple friends and I went to mission ridge for a weekend to go snowboarding. We had it made, our own hotel suite with two king sized beds and a plasma 2. 2 and I slept on one bed and 3 on the other. We all have always gotten along perfectly and have shared the biggest laughs together. Nothing could come between any of us. Other than a little midnight prank. On the second night at the hotel, 3 fell asleep first. 2 and I were watching some ghost movie that bored us to tears. 2 was eating a bag of pop corn and started throwing little kettle pieces at 1, trying to wake him up. "3, I have the funniest idea." 2 whispered over to me. "4?" I mouthed back lazily. Without a word 2 jumped out of bed and ran into the bathroom. She returned with a tube of 2 tooth paste, a sack of coins and a package of peach rings. "I had nothing to do with this." I stated, continuing to glare at the television set. 2 began squirting out tooth paste onto 3's arms, she ran the creamy solution down his legs, back up to his face and into his hair. She stuck quarters, dimes, and penny's into the minty cement, along with the sugary peach rings. "5 is going to kill you." I gasped. "6 5 wont! It will be hilarious." 2 blurted and then plopped back onto the hotel bed, admiring her work. 2 then picked up her bag of popcorn and resumed throwing pieces of kettle at 1's face. The next morning was not how 2 planned. 3 woke up alright, but did not have the expression on his face 2 intended on. "7 done for 2!" 3 hollered. 2 smiled, still convinced this was all a joke. I saw the fury in 1's eyes. 5 was beyond irate. His body crusted over with dried tooth paste. Quarters, dimes and penny's drilled into his skin and peach rings dangled moldy off his legs. 3 rushed into the bathroom to look into the mirror. 5 stormed back into the room with a shampoo bottle clenched in his hand. 2 turned to face him and her smile disintegrated. "4 are you gonna do with that shampoo bottle?" 2 questioned, confused. 3 grew closer to 2, she backed away slowly, not quite sure 4 his intentions were. They both switched positions, her back now facing the door and 3 across the room by the window. 3 raised the shampoo bottle over his head. "9 fast." 3 shouted and chucked the bottle as hard as 5 could at 1's face. But sadly, 2 ducked just in time for the bottle to miss her face and create a nuclear explosion on the door behind her. Blue liquid spewed out all over the walls. There was an indent of where the bottle hit the door. 2's whole back side was covered in blue sludge. I hopped out of bed and ran to the entrance where the explosion took place. 3 reached 2 and immediately burst into roaring laughter. 2 sat down in a puddle of shampoo and ruptured in chuckles. I stood there, smiling at them. 3 still crusted over, 2 covered in blue goop that looked like someone threw up a blueberry smoothie on her back. I sat down with them, we all starred at each other without a word. everything was fine. It then occurred to me that 6 matter 4 we do to each other, enrage or try to explode one another, we will always find a way to laugh about it. A sense of humor is merely our souls telling us everything will be okay. Its that one value in life we can cherish forever.
