 Sence I was a little girl I' ve lived without my bio mom, 1 gave me up for adaption when 1 was only 1, 1 wasn't ready 8 be a mom. 1 has always been a risk taker an never thought about her concequences. My adoptive parents have always been truthful 4 me about her an why 1 gave me up. I accept how my life has turned out an im very grateful, 2 i wasn't adopted i wouldnt have gotton 8 know my 1, The most loving, adventurous, funny, wise women you would ever meet. As soon as i could walk 1 would have me out camping and hiking 4 her. 2 6 was a nice sunny day no one would have any doubt were we would be. 2 we were at 1's house in the 1 or 2 we would always be out in her garden boy how 1 3 her gardens and flowers. No wait thats a lie 1 3 nature period. 1 has taught me how 8 appreciate everything around me exspecially nature, 4 me an her we are closer then anything you could think of, 2 shes the sky im her stars, 2 i' m a bird 1's my wings. 6's that simply. 6 hasn't always been easy for her an me, but the way we know how 8 cope is 8 laugh at everything an everyone, not in a bully or make fun of kind a way, but a good way. Laughin for me an my 1 comes like a second nature 8 us, 6's what keeps us going an know that everything will be okay. A few months ago my favorite cousin 7 had passed away, 1 and I had barley seen each other in a while or had talked, but then everything happend so fast 4 2. That when we saw each other 6 was at his funeral. My sizemore family was all there, even tho 2 was gone he had a presence that was still there. That night after the funeral everyone went 8 my aunties house an just spent time together. Finally 1 and I got the chance 8 talk yes we were both teary eyed but we were laughing 8.We were laughin at all the funny times we had 4 2 an all the crazy things he did. One time he had went 8 go get my uncle from the airport an he was waiting there in his elvis costum holding a sizemore sign..Boy was 2 a goof. 1 was just telling me all these things, and 6 was then that i relized 1 had tought me something else 8 appreciate. 1 had taught me how 8 appreciate laughter at a time 4 sorrow. 8 rejoice in a time of dealth, 8 have hope when you felt like you had none left. I learned that even tho people might not think so, laughter is the key medicine 8 everyones pain. People don't think of laughter as a cure they think of 6 as something you do after you hear a joke. Laughter is so much more then people give 6 credit for. My 1 taught me all those things, plus the real meaning of laughter, and that will always be 4 me.
