 I always wished that I could go back in time and relive 7 childhood. Knowing that that was the time when I was most happiest and the time I was just living life with no purpose, no plans. Looking down on 7 little cousins or brother, I see joy, and laughter, and silliness. I see innocent soft faces who have no idea nor understanding for what is going on around them. As I watch them slowly grow out of their unusual habits, I find myself back 4 the year 1. A little girl, not in school yet, runs in her grandmother's yard on a 4's mid day. She flops her pig tails back and forth while hiding her hands in her size 1 trousers with one eye closed and the other slightly opened watching her older sister run around looking for a place 4 hide. "1, nine, eight, seven..." "2 3 4 5 6!" 7 sister, 1, yells out 4 me from behind one of the giant oak trees.I giggle 4 myself a little and start at 8. "8, four.. three.. two.." I slow down dramatically, "!" and like a rocket, I blast off the front porch with 7 arms spread out on each side, making engine noises, and pretended I was a pilot "9 on lock! Mayday, mayday! !". I tackle 7 sister 4 the ground. I remember the look on our mothers face as we lay there rolling around in the grass laughing. I closed 7 eyes and reopened them 4 find myself in 2. It was a few days after the tragic happening of 2. Everyone met at grandma's house as always, kids in one room and adults in the other. I was playing in our small ball pit with the two youngest cousins, 2 and 1, when we noticed that there was a small hole in the wall. "6, look through." 2 demanded.I took a deep breath and did what he asked. "11!" I yelled The little hole gave us a vision of what was happening in the room next 4 us which held all the parents and old people with straight looks and serious tones. I let the little ones have a look, they didn't find it as interesting as I did but they wouldn't give me another chance 4 see. I pushed 7 way through. All three of us looking through something so small. We kept giggling, and talking. We did this for about 1 minutes, not knowing that our uncle was watching us for at least 8 minutes. He motioned the other adults 4 see what we were doing. One by one, noticing that the amount of people in the next room was decreasing. Soon, there wasn't any of them in sight. "12 did they all go?" We panicked.Light, quite laughing was going on behind us. 2 looked toward 1, 1 looked at me, I looked down 4 2, and at the same time we turned around and saw everyone smiling, laughing, and taking pictures of us. We stood still with red faces and soon started pointing fingers about who gave us the crazy idea of spying. After that, it was like any day with family; everyone in the living room, food in the kitchen, warm hugs and kisses from grandma, people pinching 2 cheeks, big smiles and long loud laughs. I see friends shaking hands and kids yelling and screaming, people telling they're loved ones "I love you". I look down at 7 feet and with a blink of an eye, I'm back 4 3. I raise 7 head up over 7 shoulders, see that I'm in grandmas living room babysitting the kids. I'm sixteen this year, and I don't believe that there is one day when I don't laugh. Of course I can't laugh when it comes 4 all seriousness , but other than that, laughing is part of humor/youth. When someone tells a joke and you think it was funny you don't just stand there and say that was funny and not laugh. Everyone knows that, once in a while, they have 4 take a step back and laugh. I always wished that I could go back in time and relive 7 childhood. Knowing that that was the time when I was most happiest and the time I was just living life with no purpose, no plans. I had no desire 4 impress anybody. I lived 7 childhood well and when I think about it, I just sit back, look at everything that I have done, and laugh. 
