 There will always be moments in your life when your emotions will take control and motivate you. whether your happy, sad, angry or frustrated. At times like this I use my gift, the gift of laughter. My best friend, 1 looked at me with her big blue eyes, they were swelled up with tears. We had just finished packing the rest of her clothes and we knew it was time to say goodbye. It hurt me deeply to see her go after five years of friendship but, we had postponed this moment long enough. There the boxes sat waiting, each with their own label, they had all of our memories inside. We were never very serious, we liked to joke a lot and she always knew how to make me smile, today that would be hard though. After we put 1's stuff in the moving van I noticed her dog, 2 wasn't outside like he normally is. When I went inside I found out he hadn't been hiding in there either. This was strange because 2 was the type of dog that liked to have a lot of attention so he was always near you. When I told 1 that 2 was missing, we went to look for him. It was 1 time, my favorite time of year and the sun felt warm against my skin. I remember this moment very clearly, it was a memory I was sure I would want to savor. As we walked along 1 and I talked about all sorts of things, this made me almost forget she was going to have to leave in a few hours. Just then I noticed a shinny silver object laying in the ground, from where I was standing I couldn't quite read what the engrave stated but I could see the one letter that said it all, the letter 1. It was 2's red and blue collar, I reached down and picked it up I figured he must be somewhere near. Fate must have been with us that day because as soon as we glanced up the road we saw 2 riding in the back of someones old 1 truck. We started running after that truck as fast as we could and we were screaming, "2! Finally the truck stopped in front of our local store, the guy stepped out and he seemed aggravated with us."That's my dog." 1 stated, and I just shook my head in agreement. The strange man looked at us in wonderment and then looked at 1. His face turned red in embarrassment as he too realized the dog in the back did not belong to him. This whole situation was funny and all we could do was laugh. With 2 beside us we started walking home, taking our time, dreading what would take place when we arrived back at 2's house. That night I stayed up thinking about 1 and 1, I was great full to that dog for running off so we could spend more time together. Also I was thinking that maybe he had a reason for leaving, maybe he knew that we weren't ready to say goodbye and we had to have one last adventure, one last laugh. When we laughed together for the last time that day, I knew that we would truly be friends forever no matter if she lived near or far.
