 I moved to the 4from 5 with my family when I was just a child. We moved the small town of 1, 2, where we have lived for 1 years. Over the years there have been many difficult times, but we always managed to get through them by laughing together as a family.This past year has been especially trying, and I don't think we would have survived if we hadn't been able to celebrate the tragic time with laughter. My 2 stayed in 5 when we moved to the 1 because he was sick and didn't think he could survive the trip. Last year we finally convinced him to 3 up here with the rest of the family. He moved in with my family and shared my bedroom. It was hard because he snored and made strange noises in his sleep, but I was glad he was with us. When I would wake up tired from lack of sleep, I would just think about the funny noises and laugh. Then, six months ago, my 2 was dianosed with a tumor in his brain. There was nothing the doctors could do for him, and they told us he only had a few weeks to live. We were devastated and I couldn't stop crying. We asked 2 what he wanted to do. He said, "I want all of you to stop looking like I'm already dead and let's go have some fun!" That was just like 2. He said we were going on a trip to 2 so he could go to 3 before he left this world. I couldn't help laughing at how crazy he could be. Sure enough, when I arrived home from school the next 1, 2 told us we had ten minutes to grab what we needed and get in the van. He had gone out and rented a 2 passenger van for the trip so everyone in the family could go. We just stared at him. He started laughing and told said, "3 it or you're staying behind!" I started laughing too, and hurried inside to pack. It was the best trip of my life. 2 told us all kinds of crazy stories about when he was a boy. Mom wrote some of them down so we could always remember them. When we got to 3 we went on every ride in the park. 2's favorite was 1. He wasn't supposed to ride it because of his condition, but he just laughed and said, "I"m sure it won't kill me." 4 though it made me sad when he said it, I still laughed because he was so happy. Two months after we went home, 2 died. 4 though it has been hard and I have cried about it often, I can't help but laugh when I think about that trip and how much fun we had. 2 taught me that laughter can make all the difference in turning any situation around.
