 I'm going to tell you a story of smiles, laughter, and love. The story of my 3 and how I changed the a girl's life and my own with only smiles and laughs. I have three major memories of my time with her, there was the first smile, the day at the beach, and the 1 at the 4. Staring with with the beginning, these memories are about me and my neighbors exchange student 1 and they are memories, they are not perfect. The 1 I made 1 smile. It was a cool 2 1 out on the back lawn of grandmothers house which over looks the 1 gorge, perfect for watching the firework show. The lawn was even inclined so the you don't have to sit up. 1 and 1 came over to sit with me as i waited for the show. 1 sat to the left of me and 1, my neighbor and life long friend, to the right. I was very curious about 1, what she was like, what part of 3 she lived in, how were her costumes different than ours. So i started to ask her some questions as we waited. I didn't get much it was obvious that she was shy, very shy. Finlay I got a conversation going between the three us us about the fire works that had started. 1 was telling us how the fire works back home in 3 were much bigger than ours. Of course me being sarcastic i said "2 really". She just smiled. the rest of the 1 the conversations flowed much freer between me and 1 and it was a wonderful evening. Next we have the day at the beach. This happened about 1 for the 1 memory. 1 and me were good friends and she had lost her shyness and i was starting to really like her. We arrived at the beach the beach down on the 1 1. It was starting to becoming a hot day, a perfect day for the beach. We unpacked the towels and other random beach stuff. Soon all of us were in the water, 1, 1 (1's host sister), 4 (1's boyfriend), and me. In a bit of a flirting mood I started to splash 1 who happened to be by 1. This started a very large splash war with every one splashing everyone else. Every one was laughing and having a great time. It abruptly stopped because everyone didn't want water in there face any more. Soon there after I dove under the water an tried to lift 1 up and then drop her in the water, it underlay failed though because I missed and only caught her right leg. Nothing happened, just more and more laughter. That was a good wet day at the beach. Finally, my 1 memory is the 1 at the 4. We had just finished eating dinner and it was 1's 1 in 1 1. By now we were practically boyfriend girlfriend. It was getting dark at 2 4 as we arrived at the 4 forMovies in the 4.. 1 at the 7 was playing that 1. I found a good spot and set out the blanket. we lay there talking as we waited for the movie to start. I had a flash back of all the laughs that had brought us close together. I knew at moment that I was really going to miss her more than i had missed anyone befor. It felt like the right moment as the sun was setting over the valley, I leaned in and kissed her and she kissed right back, I'll spare you the rest. Afterward we laughed and cried. For she was leaving early the next morning and we were in love. Yes I used the 8 world but it was and is true. We absolutely did not want the movie to end and yet it still did. As I drove her back to her host family's house we talk about the amazing 3 we had together and all the smiles and laughs we shared. I smiled and laughed a lot that 3 and it did bring me very close to someone. 1 and I still talk nearly every day it is hard but I've never felt as close to her as any one else. I will always have the memories of that 3, the 2 of 2, That day at the beach, and 1"s 1 1 in 1. I hope you enjoyed the story of my 3 and I hope you can have an amazing 3 ,like I had.
