 My cousin 1 and her boyfriend, 2, had been dating for three years and they had planned a special date for their anniversary. They made reservations at the 2 in 1 and then take a walk on the beach after-wards. For 1 this was a small step up from an ordinary date but for 2 this was the biggest day of his life. This late 2 evening was the day he would ask 1 to be his wife! 2 pulled up to 1's house at precisely five-o'clock pm. In his hands he held a bouquet of roses which were handed to the most beautiful girl on the 1. She was dressed in a white and pink dress with matching pink heels and her hair was all done up fancy. 2 was speechless as he handed her the bouquet. After the roses were placed in some water, he escorted her down the steps to his car, 1 number one. 2 couldn't start his car. In utter embarrassment 2 asked 1 to drive her car to dinner. She giggled and assured him that she didn't mind. When they arrived at 2 2 they were sad to find that their reservation had been double booked and the other couple had arrived only moments before them. In despair, they set off in search of something else. Everything else that 1 1 seemed to be full so 1 decided on 2's, her favorite restaurant. After a good forty-five minutes of waiting to be seated they were lucky enough to get a window seat. 2 ordered a burger and fries because he is not a seafood fan. In contrary, 1 loves seafood so she had a bowl of 2's world famous clam chowder. When dinner was finished 2 excused himself to use the restroom before they left but as he was getting up, he knocked over his 3 and it spilled all over 1's new dress, creating a brown, sticky mess. 1 cleaned up the best she could but there was almost no use. So far so bad, but the worst was still yet to come. When they came to pay the bill 2 began panicking. He realized that he had left his wallet in his car! 2's face turned bright red as he watched his girlfriend pay the bill. Good thing we didn't go to the 2 2! he thought. 1 was ready to go home but 2 was determined to propose to her so he begged her to walk on the beach and watch the sun set. She agreed. With 6 step, 2's heart began to beat faster, his throat dry, his hands sweat, and his body shake. They sat on the warm sand and talked for ten minutes. Finally 1 was really ready to go so this was his last chance. He reached into his pocket and pulled out the lone ring. As he got on one knee, the ring fell into the sand. It was getting dark so after a minute or two of frantic searching, he gave up and began to cry. 1 was so confused and thought he was crying because she wanted to leave but as soon as 2 calmed himself he told his story and how this was supposed to be the perfect proposal for the perfect girl but it turned out the be the worst 1 of his life. 1 just laughed which made 2 think she was mocking him but he continued anyway. "1, will you be my wife?" 4 tears of joy she said, "5! As long as 6 day can be an adventure like tonight." 6 time they mention this story they bust out laughing even though it wasn't funny at the time. Ever since then they have had many hilarious and embarrassing stories that they can laugh at now.
