 People say "laughter can cure anything", 6 you know what I totally believe it to. There has been multiple times when I was sad or angry that someone made me laugh, and I have made almost everyone I know laugh when they were down our frustrated. Now, many people have made me laugh throughout my whole sixteen years that i have been alive. To be completely honest, I only really remember one moment in my life that really laughter was all I needed to pull me back to reality. My best friend 2 really knew what i need to help me out. her humor made my life real again, and because of it I was able to except life. It was 1, when I got really upset because I knew that the guy I loved since seventh grade wouldn't date me again. His reason for this was because he didn't want to ruin our great and close friendship. Just because he said that didn't mean I would just give up. I tried 2 to win him back, but it just seemed like nothing was working. At this point I knew I needed to talk to my best friend, so I text-ed 2. I told her 2 I was doing, and how none of it was working. If you knew 2, you would know that 1 sees a bright side to anything 2 told me at that time, "1, you can have any guy ion the world, and yet, you can't seem to realize it. I don't know about you, but you must be really 3 sick!" 1 said that once or twice because 1 knew it was true. I still just couldn't except what 1 was telling me. that never stopped me from smiling or laughing though. I'll admit those words really dried my tears up. and helped me move forward. Now it is 2 time, school is out, and it's time for me to step my game up. I was still trying to win 3, the 3 of my life back. Once again I tried 2! I even asked 2 to ask 3 if he still had feelings for me. He never gave her an answer. When I asked 2 for more advice, 1 responded like usual. "1, 3 is just one guy, there are plenty of guys out there for you. You just need to look and stop trying for just one guy". This got me thinking. 6 1 is totally right, I just need to find a guy that makes me feel the same way 3 makes me feel. Don't get me wrong though, even though 2 was trying to be serious, I couldn't help but smile a little, and giggle. As I was giggling, I though t to myself. I still 3 3 like crazy. It's the beginning of 2, and I am just relaxing at my house like usual, when I get a text from 3 saying he might be moving to 1. I just started bawling like a baby who is hungry. I quickly text ed 2 to tell her, but 1 already knew. I had one more plan to win 3 back, and I told 2 all about it. My plan is to ask 3 if he wants to hike 4. Pisqah with me before he moves. When we hiked all the way to the top I am going to tell him how I truly still feel about him, then I am going to kiss him.m 5 2 read this, her first response was, " 6 shoot girly, aren't you just a spitball of 3 and romance!" I almost peed my pants when I read that. It was hysterical! My plan never happened because 3 ended up not moving thankfully. Quintin and I still haven't got back together, but I am fine with that. His and I's friendship has grown tremendously. I'll admit though that I can't help but flirt with him a lot. Luckily though, I had my best friend 2 to talk to. 1 is the reason my tears and moans turned to tears of happiness and laughter. 2's humor brought me to except-ants. laughter kept me in perspective of 2. I owe all my thanks to 2, who kept me from going insane or crazy about 2. Laughter helped mend my heart, and change my whole life dramatically. 
