 "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." I think that laughter is really important in any part, in any kind of relationship. When people laugh, 2 get to understand each other better, 6 usually people think that you are a cool person when you say something funny, 6 laugh with them when 2 say funny stuff. It's funner with people who are laughing with you or make you laugh. There were many times throughout my life when many problems were solved by just telling a joke, saying something funny or even remembering fun memories from the past. I have many 4 that I love, but of course like in any other friendship, we've had little fights between us. I remember one time when my 4 6 I went to hang out at the mall. Two of my 4 came into a huge conflict because of something really weird, which later became an argument. Of course we always had little conflicts, but 7 time I guess the two girls were serious 6 mad at each other! My other friend 1 6 I were looking at them 6 didn't know what to do. 6 my friend 1 was kind of scared that 2 might hurt each other. I told them," 1 you guys! Don't be like that!" 2 looked at me 6 stopped. So we started to walk. 6 I remembered something funny 6 crazy that those two girls 6 us did, at a camp the week before 7 happened, 6 after that camp I remember how 2 were saying how we are going to be "3 4 For 5" for our whole life's 6 that 2 wouldn't forget how much fun we had. I started to laugh remembering what we did that camp, 6 2 looked at me like I'm weird or something. So I reminded them about all that fun stuff we did, 6 2 looked at each other 6 started to laugh really hard! Because their conflict had something little to do with that camp, what 2've had forgotten! After that 2 started to talk to each other 6 forgot about that conflict that 2 had. Sometimes I remind them about the conflict, but 2 just laugh 6 say "We were so dumb, to make that conflict!" 6 we all laugh at them."Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." 7 is why I think that laughter is really imported in any friendship. 6 I think that 7 problem was solved by just saying some funny memories so 2 can laugh! 6 reminding someone a thing that 2 had forgotten.
