 A long time ago, my family 6 I went to 1 to see my great aunt 6 uncle. They had a log cabin right on the lake, with an 1 tepee in the back yard. They had a dock with a very big 6 nice boat. I had went with my 2, my other aunt 6 my two half sisters. I forgot why we went, but I think it was just because it was the 2 6 my great aunt 6 uncle were getting older. I was very young, 7 I only remember bits 6 pieces of the trip. I remember watching cartoons with my sister on the couch, watching "3 4" in our bedroom, having my sisters make me watch my first scary movie(I hate scary movies), going to a go cart track 6 driving for the first time, taking one of the extra little boats 6 going on the lake with one of my older half sisters, also taking the big boat 6 riding around the lake with my great uncle, he would turn in circles 7 that we would jump on the wave to make the ride more fun! We get around to the 1, 6 they where selling illegal fireworks all around the state for the event of course, but I remember sitting in the car with my two half sisters,6 my 2 had gotten out of the car to go 6 get fireworks from a stand on the side of the road. We were all 7 tired from something, 7 we all stayed in the car. Outside the little stand where they sold the fireworks was this blow up balloon guy; you know one of those blow up looking things where it has a face on it 6 it doesn't stop moving 6 dancing? Anyways my oldest half sister starts saying "5 look there he goes doing the macarana!' I had no idea 13 she was talking about until she pointed to the blow up guy who was just wiggling 6 springing to life every second.Then my other half sister joins in 6 starts saying "6 now he's doing the mash potato!" 7 now I'm laughing because it's just 7 silly 6 funny, I actually thought he was dancing 6 doing all these dance moves! Now everyone in the car is laughing 6 giggling about something 7 silly 6 funny, I mean we were throwing out silly dance moves, some not even dances moves, just random objects! " 8!" " 9 10!" " 11!" " 12!" we could not stop laughing! when my 2 got in the car she was like "13!? 13 happened?!". I tried to explain to her 13 was 7 funny but she didn't get it. I guess you just had to be there to be a part of the ridiculous car stop at the side of the road where they sold fireworks to see why it was 7 funny!
