Have 3 ever had that one moment with some that 3'll remember forever and laugh about every time 3 think about 2.? 8 I have and I think that everyone should have a moment of laughter in there life. On the day of 1 was the day that I will laugh about for the rest of my life. On this day my boyfriend 1 from 1 decided that 1 wanted to take me out to an early breakfast. 1 called me around four in the morning saying that 1 was starving and that 1 needed some food in his stomach. So 1 picked me up around five am and we went to 1. We sat there drank coffee and ate pancakes. We finished very early so 1 wanted to go for a drive, let me remind 3 1's from 1 so 1 has 6 clue where anything is in 2. So as we head out of town I am giving him directions to where the best place is to go for a drive. We are in his 2 poniac which is not the greatest vehicle to be going for a ride in around this town, because around here 3 need a four wheel drive vehicle otherwise 3're probably going to get stuck where ever 3 go. We were doing great at first because we stayed on the pavement roads, but 1 wanted to explore the gravel roads. So we started to go down a gravel road and we both decided that maybe 2 was time to go home. When we came up to another road 1 decided 1 was going to turn around. That was not the greatest idea. 1 seen the sign for the street but 1 turned the wrong way into a field. 2 was okay, 8 as first 2 was . Until 1 went to back up, and the car wouldn't move. I looked at him and laughed and said "I told 3 that 3 needed to go right not left." 1 then looked at me and said, "2's not stuck I just need to try a little more, and we'll be out." One thing that 1 did not know is that 2 had been warm in 2 the last couple of days, so all the fields were very wet and soft. I looked at him and told him that 1 might not want to 5 that but 1 said that is was fine 1's done this before. So I got out of the car and went and stood by the road. 1 tried to get the car out of the mud for at least ten minutes, and that was not the greatest thing to 5, because now the tires were berried under the mud. I started to laugh so hard because 1 got out of the car and looked at me and said I should have listened. 1 had one more thing that 1 wanted to try, because 6 offense but 1's a boy and they can 5 everything themselves. So 1 told me to get into the car and put 2 in reverse so I did as 1 said, then 1 said okay lightly push on the gas as I push, 8 I did a little more then lightly push on the gas. I looked up and 1 was covered in mud from head to toe. 2 was the greatest thing I have seen in my life, my boyfriend had got what 1 deserved because 1 wouldn't listen to me. I looked at him and my eyes instantly started to water, I was trying to hold my laugh in, but 2 just wasn't working. I started to laugh and 1 looked at me and said, "3 think this is funny?" 1 then pulled me out of the car and shut the door and started to wipe mud all over my face, I was laughing so hard that i fell and took him down with me right into the mud. 8 to make the story even better, we went to go open the doors to the car, and 3 remember how I told 3 that I put the car in reverse 8 when 1 pulled me out i didn't take 2 out of reverse, and his car locks when its not in park. I then looked at him and said, " 5 3 have an extra key on 3 by chance?" "6", 1 said, "7?" I looked at him and said, "8 lets see the car is still running, the windows are up, our phones are still in the car, and 8 to finish 2 off the doors are locked." 1 looked at me and his mouth dropped. We sat there waiting for almost an hour and a half before anyone came down the road. 2 took use about forty-three minutes to get the doors unlocked, and then 2 took us about thirty minutes to get 2 unstuck. When I got home I told my family the story, and we still laugh about 2 to this day.
