It's true 8 they say, time flies when you're having fun. On a particularly warm 1 1, a rehearsal was in session for the wonderful production of "The 1 2" and I was bringing my best friend, 2 some cheap but delicious food. We talked and ate for a while but eventually it was time for me to go. 3 we were walking down the stairs to get to the back doors of the building I asked if they needed any help with the play. "3 a matter of fact we do!" 7 said enthusiastically. "We need a ladies costume 4."I had absolutely no idea 8 that meant, but I felt that the position had potential. "5, I can do that. Just one question..." I said a little confused."6?" 7 replied, slightly amused."8 exactly am I going to 12 doing?" I asked her.We changed course and headed for the costume room so that 7 could introduce me to, 1 who would 12 my boss for the next two weeks. We arrived to find that 7 had already gone home for the night. A little exasperated, 2 told me the basic idea of the job."9 basically 8's going to happen is that you are going to 12 in charge of the changing rooms and the costume changes on stage." 7 said quickly."11 okay, I can do that." I replied with confidence.3 I began to talk to her more about 8 I would 12 doing 7 said that 7 had to go because break was over. "12 here at 1 tomorrow morning and you'll learn everything you need!" 7 said hurriedly.3 7 ran off into the theatre I could hear the lead of the play beginning his lines. "In my younger and more vulnerable years, my father gave me some advice...."I left feeling more happy and excited than I have felt in months. The next morning I made my way to the theatre which is located at the school which I previously attended. It felt odd going back there but at the same time so completely normal. I was even more comforted by knowing that I could see my friends everyday. I could hug them and laugh with them, I could have social interaction! Something that because of online school I have been lacking. I walked into the theatre and 3 soon 3 I did I was bombarded with excited people asking why I was there while hugging me tight. "I'm helping out with the costuming!" I said just 3 excited 3 they were. I broke away from the group of people and found, 2 who was on stage directing the lighting people. We talked for a while and then 7 took me to the costume room where, 1 was waiting for me. 1, was a classy looking lady. 7 wore a light grey cardigan and a colored top with some corduroy pants and sensible shoes. Immediately 7 started to tell me 8 my duties were and 8 I was going to 12 doing that day."I'm just going to have you watch the rehearsal today, just to get a feel of 8's going on." 7 handed me a pen and a pad of paper"15 notes about where the lighting ques are and that kind of thing." 7 said.I walked out and wondered to the auditorium and took my seat in the second row of seats. The lights were lowered and rehearsal began. "In my younger and more vulnerable years, my father gave me some advice..."16 I knew it, the end of the day had come and I wasn't in any hurry to leave. The actors and crew were doing such an amazing job with the play but I knew I had my work cut out for me. In the end it all worked out beautifully, we had some good shows and some 1 shows but the most important part of this experience was the time I got to spend with the people I love. I am going to miss them so much when I'm sitting in my room all alone doing the school work that consumes my happiness and laughter into the internet. on the other hand, I am all lined up to help with the next two productions going on at that old school of mine.
