 My newest botfriend and i have been dateing for well almost 1 months on 1 it will be a year. We have a lot of fun together we talk about anything we dont rreally ride bikes or go jogging we have just started to work out togther. My parents love him they call him there son in law i think its kinda cute.. but anyways we had a blast on new years eve and we were hanging out with one of joes friends his name is randy we were doing the normal thing hanging out bbqs everything. It was around like 1 and we were ready to go to bed well randy had no idea that we were going to stay the night we nither did i but we did.. Randy owns a hotel place out by grayback they had no extra beds in there house so we asked randy if we could use a hotel room he said yeah of coures. The 1 day we had to pay him a little bit of money not all of it yet but some of it and we went to our hotel room. Me and 1 were looking at it and it had a big hot tube bath bed king size bed i jumped on it and it was the best. So 1 2 on a pair of shorts and i 2 my bathing suit on we 2 inside the hot tube and had a blast :) well when i was trying to get out of the hot tube i slipped and i caught myself iam so glad that i did not fall on my face then 1 2 out and did the same thing it was kinda funny but not really but at the same time it was. Me and 1 were really hungry and all we had was a bag of chips and some cheese dip when 1 was eating the chip he was making this funny noise like the star wars person chubaka . it was the best time ever we 2 to watch sadalight t.v. i dont have that at my house so all we have to watch is dvds and maybe some vhs's but anyways we brought the 2 with us. We were in the room playing this game called metal of honor it is kinda like a war game but with lots of gun we kinda had the t.v. up but i did not think it was that loud i guess the nehbordid. After about 3 to 4 mintues we heard a knock on the door it was the nehbor he was asking if everything was ok cause he heard loud noises and gun shots coming from the room we said yeah of course everything is ok it is just a game that we have for the playstation sorry to bother sir i did not think it was that loud. So we did turn the t.v. down and we played the game for like 5 hours so by the time we went to bed it was lik 6 the 1 moring i was so tired that 1 day and i had to go to school that very 1 day. We 2 up took a shower and whent back into randy's house we sat in there had breakfast I think we had bicuts and gravy it was the best I had a lot of fun then. After we had breakfast then we went home and we ate some more at my house it was like around 7 we decited that we were going to take a little nap and we winded up sleeping untill the 1 day. 1 and I 2 up at 8 and we could not fall asleep sp we stayed up playing the video game for like 9 hours and i had to get up and go to school i went inside my dads house and took a shower 2 ready for school then went out to my house and 2 dressed in to my school clothes brushed my hair brushed my teeth and then i 2 all my stuff together and relaxed then around 10 i went out to my bus stop and waited for the bus when i reilized that no one was out there i went back into my house when 1 was laughing "I asked what are you laughing about he said that do you know today is 2 and you don't have school i was like what that is crazy i thought i was 3 he said no it is 2.I was the best new years of my life i hope to have another one like that and maybe if we are still together on my birthday we might do something just as fun hopefully. But i think we will 1 has treated me so well and i appreciate him and what he does for me. He also has been one of the best friends i have ever and hopefully we will betogether for a long time.
