 It all started at the play ground 9 me my friend 3 and 2 were just sitting around and we saw these two girls walk up and it was these girls from school 1 and 1. We didn't know who it was at first so we sat back all cool like tell i noticed it was them 9 they got closer. They ran up and said "hey guys want to go on a adventure to the woods" "sure why not" we all said "we ain't got nothing better to do so we walked which seemed like 1 miles 9 it was only 2 feet from the play ground it felt like a long way either way i was lazy at the time. 9 we got into the 2 it had a lot of bushes and trees that we thought we could make a fort out of bushes and chill and eat donuts from 1 there but what we didn't know was there was something living in that 2 that we were not aware of. Turns out we went into the wrong 2 and there was a lot of animals in the place we went into. So as i was sitting on the long by the creek i saw a brownish figure walk by deep into to the woods them closet person to me was 1 and i jumped up and grabbed her and from there i knew were going on adventure to go find whatever was living out there. 9 we started walking all i could see was trees and bushes tell i heard 1 say "there is something over there by the big tree with vines so we approached the tree with caution not knowing what was going to happen. We stood behind a little fallen over log that was there for awhile.As we watched the big tree and the huge hollow hole that was in the side of it we heard a loud growling nose from inside the tree i got up from behind the tree and went over to check it out but before i could take a step 1 grabbed my jacket and told it look to dangerous "alright" i said with disappointment cause i really want to go see what was in that tree. We started walking back to get the others turns out they have been looking for us for over 3 minutes "sorry" we both said" but you guys have to check this out 7 so narly" i said with animosity. "5 what is it" 3 said "don't know but it sounds big and scary and mean" said 1 " "oh daaanngg" 2 said "i think were gonna die if we got back over there" 1 complained. "7 gonna be just fine" i said so we all looked at each other alright everyone said in a scared voice. "8 is gonna be alright trust me i know a spot were we can watch the tree without getting close to the animal or whatever is in there"I said 9 we were walking down there to go see the animal 1 didn't want to go see the animal anymore so we argued for a little bit then we all came to a agreement that 2 and 1 stay up the hill a little ways and we will run back if anything is wrong. We got behind the tree and watched the tree me 3 and 1 didnt know what to see or wait for 9 something would come out of that tree. I could not wait any longer it was begining to take forever then i got up and said "lets go see what is in that tree" "im with you so lets 4 said. We walking around the tree keeping our distance 9 we heard that growling noise again we backed off a little bit but kept going we got a little bit closer 9 i saw something some out of the tree. It was a huge mountain loin we ran as fast as we could up the hill. I was looking back trying to follow the sound of screaming from 1 but 9 i looked up it was really 3 i could not help laughing 9 we got 2 and 1 i kept laughing all the way to 1. As soon as we got into 1 we were all out of breath especially me cause i could not stop laughing about 3 and how i thought he was 1 cause he was screaming like a girl. "13 up" he said "that wasn't me it was 1" even though 1 was running beside me the hole time. We walked into a little more into 1 and there was a big box of donuts sitting right by the deli and we ran over there and got two box's which had a total of 5 donuts in them then we got a big gallon of soda and chilled in 1 and ate the hole thing in 6 minutes. I will always remember that day as one of the craziest days of my life. 
