 For me there are so many parts in my life that involve laughter. Having fun and laughing are the main things that I do in my life. When I laugh I feel happy, so whenever I'm sad or mad people can always tell a joke or something to make me giggle and then I'm happy again. I love making people laugh. Sometimes when I try and make people laugh I tell a joke but I'm not that funny. When I just be myself, people laugh. I guess I can be funny without even trying. I have amazing friends, I mean absolutely amazing, although we have our rough days I still love them and thank 1 for them everyday. My friends and I are always cooking up some way to have fun, and every time we find something to do 2 always turns out to be funny. Even the little things, such as facial expressions, the way we pronounce a word, or even the way we eat our food makes us laugh. 2's actually pretty ridiculous. When my friends and I try to tell other people about our extremely hilarious adventures, they all just stare at us as we burst into laughter. 2's possible that people don't think 2's funny because they weren't there. This year my family has an exchange student named, 1. She is from 2. She is very shy and quiet. 1 never seemed like the type to make me laugh, 5 boy was I wrong. She is possibly the funniest thing to walk the 4. I sure think she's funny, anyway. Sometimes she is so oblivious that 2 is just hard not to laugh at her. I have a best friend named 2. We have so many fun memories together. She is amazing and funny. She is so short, people call her a midget, she is quick to reply, "I am not a midget! I am 1' 2'', you have to be 1' 4'' to be a midget!" 2 is so cute when she does this. I recently moved back from living with my grandparents in 1. While I was living there I had been informed (over the phone I might add) that there was a girl living in my old bedroom. "2's a foreign exchange student from 2," my family told me. I flew back up to 3 for 4 with my family. When I got here I met 1. She seemed so quiet and sweet. 2 was late when we got home so I immediately went to sleep. The next day I woke up, called my grandma, then called 2 and asked her to come over and hang out with me. She came and met 1. 1 told us she wanted to get my mom a birthday gift and I replied, "5, that's tomorrow, lets go into town." All three of us went to town and went to 1 For 6. When we got there we all looked around for something we thought she might like. Somehow, we ended up in the underwear aisle. 2 picked out a tiny sized pair of underwear and shouted, "7 1, what about these?" 1 looked at her with the funniest facial expression and shouted back,"8, I don't think my thighs would fit through that!" 2 and I literally fell onto the floor and laughed so hard that our faces were bright red. Based on our first impression, we thought she was a quiet, "keep to herself" kind of girl so we just thought 2 was hilarious. We tease 1 about this quite often and she teases back about other funny things we've encountered. I've grown to love 1 and I love being with her and making fun out of all situations. 
