 People say laughter is the shortest distance between two people. A 1 I saw 6 to be true was when I met a girl named 1. Three years ago I was at a city 10 swinging, wondering if it would hurt if I jumped. I took 15 chances and let go of the swing chains, flying through the air , noticing the unbalanced feeling of falling in 15 chest, everything slowing down, the temptation of what will happen when I hit the ground was vast. Sticking the landing was a fail and getting up from it wasn't much of a success either, until I felt hands upon 15 shoulder and arm. I looked up at 15 helper and saw a girl. Not 5 a girl but a gorgeous girl. A girl with green dazzling eyes that can stop an angry rhino charging toward her, hair the flowed with the wind, soft, gentle skin that would make you think that 11 could be hurt for how soft it was."1." Was all I could squeeze out."1, are you okay?" 3 asked with a very concerned tone."4 I'm fine, 5 forgot to stick the landing. Thanks for helping me, um whats your name?" I returned with a 1, and your welcome. whats your name?" 6 1 3 giggled before 3 said her name."7, do you want to walk around with me?" I struggled to vocalize."8, but I have to 9 at the 10 because 15 mom will be here soon." 1 stated. during the walk around the 10 we stopped at a monkey dome and started asking each other random question's that the other person had to answer. I figured out that 3 was 2 years old, her favorite color was baby blue and 3 always wanted to be a doctor. we walked around the playground some more 5 talking about past memories or something that happened to each other in the past. I asked her if 3 had a brother and sister. her response was that 3 does have a brother, and two sisters. While I was listening to her I noticed 3 was very deep into thought and asked what 3 was thinking about and 3 quickly replied. "11, 5 wondering why I'm so happy with you.""well it could be that I'm making you feel good by laughter. Or it could be 15 charms working on you." I replied with a 12 accent."13 4 its definitely that." 3 barely got out the words cause of laughter. Suddenly there was a car horn honking and we said our goodbye's and 3 left. I sat there watching the car go down the road and was hoping that we 1 see each other again, but in a way I knew we wouldnt because 15 mom, and I were moving from the city to a small town half way across the country. Turning around and walking back toward 15 house for the last night in the city all I could think about was her and how a little bit of laughter became the 16 to friendship.
