 Laughing, smirking, giggling, 1 chuckling; these all have to do with one subject, 1 that is, laughing. Laughter is everywhere, you hear it in libraries, parks, at home, behind your back, 1 it can be a great thing or a horrible thing in 1 1 even with family 1 friends. Everyone has a past with laughing that has welcomed them, helped them out, cheered them up, or even, just so they can make a very special friend that will stay with them forever. It was the start of a brand new 1 1 1 I had just moved from 2. I was a seventh grader about to start at 1 in 1, 1 wasn't a real big fan of hanging out with people , so i stayed to myself most of the weeks, eating lunch in the guidance center, trying to figure out where books where without talking to anybody. My schedule was good, I had choir, art, drama, you know all the stuff I like. Art 1 drama were a blast, but when it came to choir 1 singing, my social level went down. I love to sing, but never did it in front of people. Then one day, I was walking to choir 1 I tripped 1 fell, my papers falling with me. My 1 work was all over the hall, math at one end, science at the other. But, out of all the kids in the hallway, only one laughed. She walked by 1 say I did a great job but something triggered her to come back. She helped me pick up all my math homework 1 picked up my schedule 1 saw that she too had choir this period. Her name was 1, she told me, 1 i told her my name, 1 we walked together. We sat next to each other 1 i sang with her ours voices in harmony. We talked in between periods, at lunch, on the bus ride home. We became great friends 1 the principal thought so too 1 he went ahead 1 gave us classes together. We were friends 1 we still are friends till this day. But the sad thing is is that she moved at the near end of eighth grade year. But she was the only friend I had for a little while 1 I always give her a call every now 1 then. Sometimes we can talk for hours, laughing 1 talking about how we are doing 1 when we are going to see each other again. She has been my best friend for at least two years now 1 it all happened by a slip of a foot, that falling of papers, 1 one little laugh from an amazing person. Laughing has got me so far in life 1 at 1. Every now 1 then, when i see someone, all alone, wanting a friend, I go 1 talk to them, 1 even laugh with them. One little laugh can trigger a huge friendship waiting to happen. Even if you don't think so, it does. Some say, "Laughter is the shortest distance between two people." 1 I believe who ever said that because it happened to me.
