It was another warm muggy 1 1, when 1 my best friend and i decided to go to our friend 1's house. As soon as we we walked the three mile walk to get to 1's house 1 realizes that he forgot his phone charger at my house. We didn't want to walk all the way back to my house and we had no ride either because none of us have our license yet and and 1's parents aren't home. So 1 and i start brainstorm on how to get back to my house to retrieve 1's cell phone charger, when suddenly...We heard a loud bang come from the backyard from the old rugged y shed in the back dark corner of the yard; 1 and I go to check it out to see what the noise was. we open the shed and one of 1's dirt bikes had fallen over. 1 and I pull the dirt bike out of the old spider-web infested shed. 1 and i both got a light-bulb above our heads and suddenly looked up at each other with the same idea. not being so smart we figure 1 can just ride the dirt bike the three mils back to my house on main roads and he will be fine. 1 tells 1 about are idea and 1 says its a bad idea because he mom is not home and he doesn't want us getting in trouble for a phone charger. 1 repeatedly tells us to put the dirt bikes back, but next thing you know 1 has the bike out front testing it out around the neighbor hood. I tell 1 "since there is only one dirt bike you take it and ill follow on the 1 bike!" next thing you know me and 1 are side by side riding a dirt bike and a 1 bike down the busiest road in town and its pitch black outside. "1 you go and ill meet you there!" i yell. 1 takes off down the road at about 1 mph and im about 1 yards behind him. suddenly I see a white figure start to creep out from a driveway, i cant quite make out what it is... When suddenly i see flashing red and blue lights! i try to warn 1 and shout "1 3!!!" yet he is to far away to hear me but since its pitch black outside the lights light up the whole street, 1 tries to loose him by going down a side road but its no match for a charger cop car. It's out of my hands now so I bike back to jeremys house and get him and we run the the scene of the crime to see whats happening. we keep are distance and act like we don't know him. the cop has 1 in cuffs standing behind the cop car and the cop goes back to his car to write 1 a ticket and I see 1 shadows under the street light throw something into the bush's.. Since it wasn't his dirt bike and he couldn't ride it him the cop calls a tow truck and has him take the bike and the cop gives 1 a ride home with 1 in tickets.. As soon as they leave the scene I go check to see what 1 threw in the bush's and it was a can of chew because he is a minor.. so i grab it. the next day 1 is home and his parents are at work so I bring him his chew, and he starts to tel us what his mom punished him with when suddenly we heard the garage door start to open; his mom was home from work so i hand him his chew and I run out the backyard and over the fence. he tells me to not tell to many people because he doesn't want everyone knowing but its already the talk of the town...
