 "1 figure something out to do! I am really freaking bored!" 2 explained as all of us relaxed next too his dark blue 3 which was gracefully parked right out side of my house. The 1 was young and as young boys we needed something to do. Gears started to turn in my head! As i thought of a bullet proof plan that would be very funny. "4 I've got it!" I yelped. "1 here it, I'm really down for anything right 21," 6 quickly replied. "7 since 2 has car he can drive into town and buy some cheap saran rap then 15 back to the four way intersection right out side of my neighborhood and tie the rap around two of the trees on opposite sides of the street so cars will speed through it!" I quick explained as i ran out of breath. Bursts of loud laughter came from all directions were my friends were standing as I came to realization that this idea was golden. "I will drive and go get it, but does anyone got some money too pitch in!" 2 pounced as 2, 6 and I, handed single bills to him. " that's plenty! give me a few minutes then we can meet at the intersection right out side of 10's neighborhood." 2 said as he brushed everyone off his car and begin to dip out of my neighborhood. "12 text me when you're about to get back!" I screamed to 2 as sound of his poorly maintained engine bellowed in the 1 sky. Minutes flew by and the rest of us just sat down on the curb, talked, and waited for 2. Ring ting my custom ring tone for incoming texts sounded. My eyes quickly scanned the phone's contents and concluded that 2 was ready with the saran rap at the four way intersection. "15 on 1 4 go! 2 is ready and so 1 do this thing" I muttered as i grabbed my jacket and headed for the exit of my neighborhood. 6 trailed, as 1 and 2 brought up the back. i yelled once again to enhance the passe. 2's car lights lit up the 1 air as he made a blinking signal to express where he was to us. All four of us quickly jogged over to the drive way of a house that was for sale right near the exit of my neighborhood to where 2 was parked. "17 you 4 long enough," 2 explained. "well we are all here! so 1 go to the intersection and set this up!" 1 explained as the started too lead toward the intersection which was about fifty yards away. As we reached the intersection there were no cars! We all 17 to this opportunity and 1 and 1 look out for cars!" i yelled as 2 and i began the process. Quickly i opened the saran rap and ran crossed the road, uncoiling the rap as i went. Soon as 2 and I were both on opposite sides of the street we both started to firmly rap the saran around trees we have already pick out. Once i pulled and inspected it finding that it was prefect i sprinted to a short fence that was a boarder for the neighborhood on one side of the intersection. i was guessing this was where all my friends were hiding. "haha this is prefect! i am made sure everything feels right!" I explained as we all gazed upon delicately hung rap than ran from both sides of the two way street. "21 we must wait," 2 said as anticipation fell into place. Four heads bobbed up and down as we checked to see if cars were driving down the road. Since it was about 2 pm most of the good folk of 1 were sleeping or inside. But suddenly a car came out of 21 were, speeding and only 3 yards from the great prank. "22," i yelled as the car continued driving closer and closer. Boom! The car speed through the saran rap, then came to a screeching stop. Laughter burst out as the inspected target was completely in disarray. But the anger male driver hearing our laughing decided too leave his car and chase us! "23 up," I screamed! We all 23 right as the man reached the fence where we were hiding. Although it was too late for 6! The anger man caught him as the rest of us all high tailed it for my house. As soon as we reached my house we all began too ask our self's what happened too 6! Suddenly out of 21 where 6 came running, as he 22 reached us we started too burst into laughter once again! The whole left side of 6 was dripping with soda! 6 would never tell us what happened that 1 although we could have guessed! As the 25 and long 1 rapped up we all called quits and hit the sack at my house. But laughter wasn't in short supply that 1 as we all fell asleep!
