 Laughter can change any situation. It can be used to break the awkward silence after a bad joke is told, to reminisce about a fond memory, or to clear ones head and create the feeling of calmness. In 1 opinion laughter is a form of communication. I discovered this through the coarse of the 1 through many different situations. Many of the experiences were with people who spoke different languages or young children who I was able to connect with through laughter. One of 1 experiences with laughter has been with the many different exchange students that 1 family has hosted. We have gotten exchange students from 1, 3, and 4. Most of them have rather good broken 1, but there were some words that proved difficult to describe and translate. 1 favorite exchange students was 1, a student from 3. She lives in the northern part of the 3, in the 2 country. In the 2 country they speak 2 and 2 and culture is slightly different form the rest of 3. What made 1 so enjoyable was her cheerful personality, her empathy, and her ability to make anyone in the room genuinely burst in to fits of laughter. I believe that this incredible ability of her's was one of the reasons that the summers I spend with her are some of 1 happiest memories. 1 could turn any activity into a lighthearted experience. I would do tasks with her like washing the dishes, a chore I didn't usually enjoy, and the entire time we would guffaw at the most outrageous things. Together we would laugh until tears were streaming from our eyes and we felt the need to go to the bathroom. Once 1, 1 best friend 2, and I spent an entire day laying in the grass at a park putting on ridiculous skits for each other, and telling comical stories, laughing until our bellies hurt. Between out bursts of laughter 1 would exclaim "3 you have got to stop this or I will surely explode, I have to use the restroom every ten minutes!" 4 she would say this we would look at each other and be back to rolling on the ground laughing. When I went to visit 1 in 3 we had many similar situations of outrageous, uncontrollable laughter. One day we went to the 2 parliament building with our families, 1, her sister 5, 1 sister 3, and I couldn't stop acting goofy and cracking up. We toured through the serious quiet building unable to be silent or stoic, laughing at each other uncontrollably, making funny faces and dancing around, unable to contain our joy. I don't know 1 4 well 4 1 friends back home, but I think I will always feel a deeper connection to her then most people because with her I feel the free ability to laugh at every and anything. I have heard many different facts about laughter; if you laugh before an exam you will do better on it, moments of laughter are more prominent in your memories, and a person that laughs daily is more likely to feel less stressed and have a happier 1, but the reason that I love to laugh is that it makes me feel really fantastic.
