 One day, a day before the party for my brother's 1 to be exact. We were setting up party stuff and cleaning the house and the apartment because that's were the boy's will be hanging out and sleeping. My cousin 4 and I were helping mom and the boy's that were already here and their names would be 5 , 1 and 2. 6 was already here of course because he's the 1 boy. The boy's were suppose to be cleaning the apartment but their boy's and the only things on theirs minds are girls and video games. They played video games instead of cleaning and mom got mad. Lucky for them mom was in a very good mood or they would have got 7. The last to boy's showed up now. The last two boy's showed up and their names are 2 and 3 and 1 is showing up tomorrow after noon. 6 was so exited that he was turning 1 years old , he said " I'm 1 years old now no one can tell me what to do" and I laughed and said "6 go make me a sandwich" and he said "3" and I said "so much for no one can tell me what to do" and everyone laughed at him. He gave me my sandwich and all the boy's went to the apartment to clean 7 but when I got in there they set up 5's x-box 3 and was playing 7. I told them to get cleaning but they decided not to listen so I got mom and they sure listened to her. She took 7 and put 7 on the kitchen table. They were not happy. They finally cleaned the apartment and got the x-bow back. 1 all of us were watching movies and playing broad games then mom told 4 and I to clean my room , maybe a hour after that she walked by and said " bed time" and boy's go to the apartment. The next mourning. The next mourning 4 and I woke up to the sun hitting us in the eyes and I said "what a great way to start off the day" and 4 said "I know". The best part of today is that we get to hang out with the boy's. When 4 and I got into the living room everybody was in the kitchen and partly in the living room. 1 that 1 the boy's thought 7 would be fun if they played cops and rubbers. The apartment was the jail. 2 , 2 , 6 were the cops and 5 and 1 were the rubbers. 4 and I wanted to play so we went outside and ran into 5 on the otter side of the apartment , he was the only one who knew we were outside. When I was running to hide behind the trees I felling in the hole that turns off the water for the apartment and my leg looked like cottage cheese and 7 was gushing blood and you could see my bone. I had to stop playing for the 1. Mom told 4 and I to go to bed. The next mourning mom woke us up and asked if we want eggs and bacon and we said "yes". I crawled out of bed because I needed to go to the bathroom so 4 helped me up the stairs and when we were coming down the stairs 5 saw me hurting and being the amazing boyfriend he is he picked me up and carried me to the couch in the living room and sat me down on the couch and kissed the top of my head and said "good mourning beautiful" and I said "good mourning to you to baby". Now everybody is standing around for their food to be done. The boy's are making pizza if you wanted to know. Then my little sister 6 walked in to the kitchen and said "ma'am I want a cookie" and mom said " okay , here you go baby". 6 ran off with a very big smile on her face. The boy's got their pizza now and they just went back to the apartment. 4 and I looked at mom and said "wow" mom's like i know. We all laughed and started talking about boy's and friends , family , animals. 7 was a very fun weekend and even though I got hurt we still made the best of 7. Even though I got hurt and cant do anything for the next two months or so , we still had a blast with each other and 6 said " 7 was his most favorite 1 he's ever had so far . 6 wanted her friend to come over but she had fun with mom and 4 , the boy's when they came in the house and I. Sometimes you got to work with what you got and 7 might turn out more fun than your normal plan you made. Just make sure your happy with the people around you. 
