 These are some example that i remember when i had fun and laughter in my life 1 all started in the 1 time when i was like 1 years old and my cousins were living with 3 cause they had just moved down to 1 from 2. 1 was fun having them around. 3 and my cousin 7 and my cousin 3 who lived right next to 3 would always ride bike. Some times joey would take my bike with out asking 3 and i would get so mad at him.he would take my bike like if 1 was his. 3 and my cousins would always race down the street with our bikes. I was always the one to win the race the kind of bike i has was a 4 1 was a 2 bike witch is a bike made for the dirt and to race. 3 and my cousins would go behind some apartment down are street and there was a ramp that we made. 1 was just dirt but 1 was hard. One day when 1 was raining so hard 3 , 7 , 3 and another neighbor of our asked us to come out side to we asked our parents if we could and my parents said 1 was okay same with 3. Joeys 4 said he could not cause 1 was raining hard outside but he still came outside. we had got all muddy i ad fell of my bike trying to go up the ramp while 1 was all muddy. then my cousin got like beat up from all the time he fell off the bike. By the time we were done playing out side we were so muddy and our bikes were filled with dirt. my 4 was mad at 3 cause i was so muddy so she send 3 straight to the shower . 3 and my cousins had a good time that day after we were all done getting cleaned up we were playing super 5 bros for super 1. If we were not playing the super 1, riding bikes or getting wet with water gun and water balloons since 1 was so hot out side. We were probably on our way to the park for free lunch the school would always serve free lunch to who ever want free lunch. a lot of my friends would go to the park and get lunch same with my cousins after we would finish eating 3 my cousin 3 and my friend 1 would always trade 5 cards or 6 7 8 cards back then every body had 5 or 6 7 8 cards. i had piles of cards. 1 was fun being at the park with friend and family just having a fun time eating playing getting wet in park. When i was in 2 grade 3 2 14 and 6 15 were like the three amigos we would stay at 2 house like almost every weekend. we would always stay at 2 house because his back yard was big and we would always play hide-seek and cause 6 had like a play room with a pin ball machine a basketball hoop and other games. One time on 2 birthday 3 2 and 17 slept over at 2 house and we were just playing video games like one of the games we played was grand theft auto 18 19 1 was a cool games. I think that laughter is a big part in friendship cause if your having a good time hanging around with your friend and just laughing then that mean that hes a good person . If your friends always make you laugh then there good friends to be around with. Like i would always hang around with 6, and 2 cause they would always know how to make 3 laugh .So thats why i think laughter is inportant to havewith friends or family. 
