 6 only happened a few weeks ago on a day the all the students were supposed to be out having fun or sleeping because there was plenty of snow outside. A guy was crying on his chair with his hands over his eyes, a french horn in his lap and his gaze fixed on the ground below him. Sobs choked the sound in the band room but luckily for this guy's pride there weren't too many people in the room to start off with. The guy's head rose up, the tears seemed to eat the self sturdiness of his normal self, and 2 spoke to the person who always sat to his left. " 1 just don't understand 2" the broken, voice cracked on words "I don't care that 1 play in cascade winds or that 1 get private lessons or that 1've gone to state honor band! This 1 sound like a terrible reason, but i just want to play first because i want to play first, and 1 never let us play first." 2 was right about one thing, 2 really never let us play first. I somehow understood where 3 was coming from; 4 my freshman year i had always sat under him, and him under someone else and so forth. I had never seen him be first chair on anything. And now on his senior year, a prodigy child had come into band and she only knew how to fight for her position as first chair. In short 3's four hard years of working for the first chair spot in band were summed up to being second best the moment she stepped in the room. The feeling of all his hard work turned into mediocre in his face, with time, had broken him to tears. 2 was much better than us and she has the accolades to prove 6. She had attended cascade winds solo ensemble festival, band camp, and would be going to 1 as an ambassador of music. Still something about her having first part still didn't feel quite right. Maybe 6 was my sense of wanting superiority as well. 2 took in the words, leaned closer to say. " I understand that 1 want first" 10 with confident tones she said "but right now we need specific players in specific spots. I've played harder music and my skills are whats needed on first part. I understand what your feeling, ive been there before." 6 struck me weird that a sophomore was telling this to a senior. How could she have felt what 2 was feeling? she'd been a prodigy child in 7 8 from the start. I sided with 1 but 10 I realized that letting him play a more demanding part would be worse for the band. So i tried siding with 2 but 10 all i could think about was that this was 1's last year to shine as a 7 8 french horn player.They kept going at eachother. Every comment scraping at the already fragile surface of the argument. Minutes made the quarrel more and more volatile. I had to think faster. 9 the argument continued like this the horn section would be torn apart and co-operation would be useless. More importantly I would lose two partners that together had uprooted a great deal of musical talent. I slid my chair next to them to tell them my thoughts. "9 a man has no socks," I liked starting out my thoughtful speeches with mysterious beginnings, " 10 so will...".And that's as far as i got. I thought 6 was brilliant, their faces said otherwise. So they called me crazy and giggled 10 they made fun of me and laughed. Thankfully i was oblivious of the stuff they called me because i really wanted to remember what i wanted to say. 3 stopped crying, finally, and 2 got my message that 3 was a senior and didn't really have many more chances at playing first chair in 7 8 band. They settled the fight with a simple deal; 3 would get fist chair as soon as we stopped competing. 4 10 I've been the center of being made fun of. But as annoying as 6 gets sometimes its usually funny for everyone, including myself. I cant even begin to imagine what band would be like 9 their enmity had risen to the no forgiveness zone. There had been times before when heated discussions left the stress levels in our section so 7 6 made 6 hard to breath right. Having laughter come in even right before they were about to rip eachother's faces off gave them time to understand that they had mutual understanding of each other. Or opened their eyes to how long they're going to have to sit next to each other i they were to continue fighing. Either way, 6's definatley changed the way they feel about eachother; I haven't heard them complian about one another for a while. 3 is eagerly awaiting his turn to shine and 2 for better or worse can't wait to see him play.
