 "Laughter is the best medicine." The phrase almost everyone has heard before. But it'20 true! I've had days when all I could think about was how 23 life sucked, or at least seemed to. The days when you feel like everything is going wrong, and nothing could make it worse... And that'20 when one of 14 best friends will make me laugh. I'll laugh so hard I'm on the verge of 19 14 pants and 14 eyes water. I'll laugh so hard no sound comes out, 14 sides cramp and I fall on the floor. They make me laugh so hard, sometimes I think that even if I was in a coma, they'd say something so funny that I'd sit straight up in the hospital bed and 21 laugh the huge belly laugh that sometimes escapes me. There was this particular time when 1, 1 and I were feeling more giggly than usual. It tends to happen a lot when we're together, but this time was way different than the others. We staggered to 1'20 house flushed and giddy at how funny everything was. You know how it is when you and your best friends 9 21 13 so tickled by each other? Those times when you glance at your friend and 21 as you've begun to calm down, you see her pinched expression from trying not to laugh, and you lose it all over again. If you've ever had the pleasure of experiencing these silly moments, try imagining that feeling for hours at a time. I'm pretty sure I developed a whole new set of abdominal muscles that day, if that gives you any idea how hard we were laughing. Anyway, we stumbled into her house, trying to get serious, since we did have to do at least some of our homework. Of course we were starving after all that laughing, so 1 told 1 and me that we could get some cereal. 21 regular milk and cereal, right? There'20 nothing 22 special about 4'n 5 (besides that it'20 freaking delicious). But on that day, everything was out of the ordinary, especially the milk. It was the most amazing milk I'd ever tasted, and I 6, 6, 6, milk, so that had to mean something. "7 this milk is so good! 13 14 8!" 1 exclaimed. I swear she was about to choke on her own spoon, she was eating so fast. "9 you kidding me with this? What kind of milk do you buy?!" I blurted out. For some reason that milk was really extraordinary, and it was seriously blowing 14 mind. "10, I don'17 know. Two percent?"1 looked at us incredulously, a curious eyebrow raised at our inquiries. Her expression made us all fall apart in peals of laughter. Now whenever one of us brings it up, we still laugh like it 21 happened. 1, it happened. 1 peed her pants, and not 21 a little. It wasn'17 21 the idle threat rushed out, the "12'mgoingtopee!" squeal. 13 no. She actually peed herself, and I still 16'17 even remember what I said to make her laugh that hard. All I know is suddenly (scaring me half way to death), she yelled out, "13 14 8 I 16'17 18 19! '20 21 22 23 24!!" I whipped around and saw 1, red-faced and open-mouthed, supporting herself against the counter. She looked like the freaking 26 27 of 1 all bent over like she was. Her eyes were closed tight, crinkling at the corners, a few stray tears escaping as she tried to hold in shrieks of (apparently) crippling laughter. It took me a second to realize what was going on, and then I was totally straight out laughing at her; pointing and laughing 14 shoulder-shake laugh, and it only made her laugh harder. Still laughing, she did a penguin-type run down the hall to the bathroom, where 1 was. 1, in her wet jeans and with a red, tear streaked face, burst through the bathroom door, looking slightly bewildered and amused with what 21 happened. So naturally, 1 laughed at the sight of her, in her comically delirious state. Who wouldn'17 have? The fact that we 16 always laugh at each other and ourselves is why I love 14 friends . It'20 great when you have people that you 16 laugh about everything and nothing with. 1 is practically a walking ego boost because she laughs at every joke, and 1'20 pretty clever when it comes to thinking of them. Personally, I love laughing, especially with (and mostly at) 14 best friends. 
