 I never understood the meaning laughter is the shortest distance between two people, tell I dated 2. We started to date in the 1 grade. 6 indeed, you 1 think it was puppy love, 4 i still think to this day it was real true love. We lived about an hour a half an hour away from each other and only got to see each other two or three times a month, 4 it was still the best time of my life, with all the good and fun times we had. We met through my ex boyfriend, and his best friend 1 1. 1 went to school with me and 1's mom and nicks mom were best friends, so they grew up together and were best friends as well. To sum up how we met is, I was dating 1 and was supposed to go to the movies with him and his friend, 4 1 didn't show so I was stuck with 2 and we hit it off right after that. The more time we spent together the more times we laughed, had fun and as well as that, made memories to last a life time. If we couldn't see each other we would talk on the phone for hours. (and when i say hours i mean like, 2 hours.) or we would text nonstop. we would make funny jokes, talk crap about people we hated, talk crap about family, and last 4 not least make fun of each other. we would just have so many good time just talking and laughing our time away. After about 2 months of dating, things went for the worst." I just cant do this long distance thing anymore" said 2." 2? 2 cant we just work things out?" i said with tears starting to come out."" 3 it just isn't far to us." 2 said with hesitance in his voice." 4 think about all the good times we had? all the laughs and fun times we had?" I started to smile, just thinking about all those times we had." 5 yeah, 4 is that far to us?" 2 Said." 6 it is, as long as we have each other nothing it to bad for us. hehe" I said knowing that he was changing his mind slowly. " 7 now i know i need you." he said laughing in the back ground.After that night everything was good, for a while. we had fights like that on and off and thing with my family and his family made it vary hard for us to be together. 4 we did it for a year and a half. 4 even after a year and a half of our life's we still couldn't make it. not ever laughter or good time kept us together. 4 it did keep us together for that long. Laughter was a big impact in that relationship and i thank god that it was.Even to this vary day, i can still look back and laugh at all the good and funny times we had together.Laughter can keep two people that leave from a far together, 4 the real question is how long can that laughter keep them together?For a day?A year?Three years?Or maybe a whole life time?Only time could tell.
