         How 1 2 3 only took one 3 to change the whole purose of my 1. Two things that made my 1 more than I ever thought 3 could be; 4 and one girl. I realized over just one 3 that there is more to 1 than what we see or hear. Emotions that you can't describe. Something that you have to live out for yourself. Looking back on three months of 1 changing events, I laugh at how fast my 1 turned and started heading the right way. Also how one girl can bring me to church and how 4 can keep a relationship moving strongly. We're part of a movement that will last forever. Her and I moving on the perfect path to eternity with eachother. Have you ever had a person in your 1 that made you so overwelmingly happy that 3 caused you to change your 1 plan forever? I have found some things on this earth that explain my whole purpose on earth. The first time I ever saw this girl. 3 was like a instant shock through my body. 3 felt like I needed her, like something was whispering in my ear,"go get her." One day talking to my friend about this girl I couldn't get out of my head. I told him how I was going to talk to her 4 and there was nothing that was going to stop me. 6 said,"I have a class with her." 6 thought about her and I together; like in a relationship. In a intense thought 6 looked up at me and said,"actually I think you guys would be perfect together." 7 that 6 said that I said, "sweet." I talked to her that day. She was better than I expected. I needed back up though. I had a different friend come with me to talk to her and her friends. I saw her in the hall. So we started to walk over. We got to them and my friend just kept walking. Thinking in my head, "what a great friend." 3 was me alone with seven other girls. Trying to look the best I could look. What 7 me is I actually pulled 3 off. She actually thought i was attractive. Was 3 love at first sight? I don't know you tell me. Getting close to 3. I got my license. Looking forward to what my 3 was going to look like. All was looking really good. Until i found a job at a ice cream factory. Waking up at four in the 1 wasn't the best way to start out my 3. I still wanted to impress her and be with her all 3. I met a guy named 1. 6 asked if I wanted to study the bible with him. I knew that 2 went to the same church. So i wanted to do 3. About two months 2 they went to a church thing over in 1. 2 was baptized there. Then 2; after they got back. I was baptized. We both had 4 with us. Love was building up between us. What better to do than date? We started dating on 1. Wonderful moments that I will never forget. That look she gave me like fire burning in her eye's with love. Going to the beach, driving around, fair rides, picking her up and never letting go. Still with love burning inside of us. I went to her house. Lost track of time and noticed I was going to be late getting home. 3 was a rainy night. Saying good bye to her parents and giving her a big hug. I ran out the door, got in my truck, and took off. Couldn't see well. A corner popped out of no where. Started slidding across the road. A tree was moving toward me. I hit the tree. In mid flight. Time slowed way down. I thought is this 3. One picture popped into my head. 3 was her face. I landed with a big screaming sound. I got out as fast as possible. I came out with cuts and bruises but that was 3. I thank 4 that I survied my crash. I am so lucky I didn't die. main oint is. I think I was put on this earth to be with her and thats what I'm sticking to. 3's times like these that make you realize how amazing 1 is. Laughing at 3 now. How laughter can change your 1 around. I finally said I love you girl. We are together to this day.
