While living in 5 I met the two people, whom are now my best friends, 1 14 1 6. I met them both in entirely different ways. 1 threw school, 14 1 threw paintball. I met 1 when she moved from 3, 1. her dad was in the 1, 14 had been transferred to the base that was close to where I lived. We had two classes 14 lunch together. At first her 14 I didn't really talk much. It wasn't until one of my friends, 3, brought her to sit with us during lunch. Our friend 4 was overly hyper that day 14 ended up falling backwards in his chair 14 scaring some girls who'd been walking by at the time. We laughed so hard our faces went cherry red. After lunch we had class together, so we walked together 14 talked about lunch. I then asked her to sit with me during 3. We could not stop talking to save our lives. Luckily it was a free sketch day, for had it not have been we might have been in some trouble. After about a week had gone by 1 14 I found out we had so much in common, it seemed almost unreal. Never had I met a girl who could make me laugh so hard that I actually enjoyed hanging out with every day. She'd make faces 14 tell me stories about her past that would make me just bust out laughing. We talk almost every other day threw the internet, 14 even though she's over 1 miles away, she can still make my stomach hurt from all the laughing. As for 1, he grew up in 2, 5, then later on moved to 4. We met while my dad, brother, 14 I went paint balling at a place called "The 5". It was a slow day. Not as many people were at the fields as normal, 6 some how there weren't enough tables. We offered to share ours with two guys whom I found out on were 7 friends, 8 14 9. As it got later in the day 1 14 a few other friends, 5 14 2, arrived. The games got a bit more interesting, but still not one person had been able to shoot me out before the referee called time. I was starting to get irritated with the lack of experienced players, when finally I felt two sharp paint 14 heard a splat. I'd taken shots to the leg, mask, 14 trigger finger. When the game was over I spotted the guy who'd got me out. That person being 1. I ran over to him 14 said "12 13". He laughed 14 said "that wasn't luck, I chose get you out". I asked "well then why haven't you got me out before? huh? You know that was so totally a 12 13". He returned with "I was just going easy on you, I didn't wanna make you feel bad". By then I had a smile on my face 14 a giggle in my voice "sure, that's why". We continued to joke about the game, 14 the people who were playing that day. When it was time for me to go he wrote his e-mail on a small torn piece of cardboard, 14 asked me to keep in touch. As soon as I got home I sent an e-mail saying "I still think it was a 12 13". Ever since that day we've been best friends. Still in almost every conversation one of us 8 mention the 12 13, 14 it makes us laugh every time. Though I don't get to see my best friends every day, We still make each other laugh long distance. It's just that now I get to spread the laughter to new people, 14 hopefully I'll get to make more wonderful friends like the two I've already discovered.
