 My sister 3 and my niece 2 had just came down from 2. It had been three years since I last seen them. When my brother 1, my sister 1, and I went over to my dads for the weekend we all decided we would go camping over by the beach. That morning we all woke up early and packed everything in the car. My dad and brother did most of the work while us girls got ready. After everything was packed we were off to 1. 1 is a small little town surrounded by mountains with absolutely nothing but a couple of houses, a park, a river, and forests all around you. My dad built a small one roomed cabin there a few summers back. It had a wood stove in one corner, bunk beds fulfilling almost half the cabin, and a counter that was always messy with all the food and supplies that we would bring. The whole ride over we were all messing with each other giving one another horse bits, the claw, and pulling on other peoples seat belts so that it would tighten across there chest. We were also telling 3 funny stories about one another trying to embarrass them. When we got on the gravel road my dad started making the car slide back and fourth scarring 1. While everyone else was laughing about it she was screaming. That 1 we all decided to go to bed early so we could wake up and get ready to go to the beach before noon. 1 was the only one actually wanting to go to sleep. Everyone but 1 was trying to make fun out of the rest of the 1. While everyone else was taking 1 was yelling at them to go to sleep and be quite. 3 and 1 started yelling random stuff just to make her mad. When everything was silent one of them would yell something like, its not to late to sleep like a baby 5 6. 1 would start yelling while everyone else just busted up laughing. That 1 was one of the funnest nights there. Everything was hilarious that 1 but when look at it now it wasn't all that funny it was just stupid. I believe we made the most fun out of the 1 as we possibly could. It has become one of my most vivid memories. We all look back at it and laugh.
