 In the 1, a primary group of friends would search for different adventures to part take in. This group of people consisted of kids of all ages, 51, 12, 23, and 44. Around late 2, on a hot day, 5 got an idea to head over to 2, 2 and go cliff diving. He called it the "cliffs". So the whole group got together and took off on an hour car ride to 2. Once they got there, it only got hotter outside, and the need for cooling off was getting to be a priority. They parked, then walked the train tracks. The closer they got to they're destination, the louder the voices that they 1 hearing became. The spot was a secluded area with a rocky floor, people getting a running start to jump off the highest peak and go crashing on to the waters surface below. Right away 5 and 1 wanted to get settled so that they could join the others. As for 4 and 2, it could wait. Once 1 and 5 got they're first couple jumps in, 4 and 2 thought that maybe it was time to try it. But not from the highest peak. Maybe something a bit lower. Something like the very bottom of the cliff, just for starters. Before they jumped off they noticed a little beach on the other side of the creek, so the girls conversed with the boys and they all decided to jump off at the same time, and swim to the little beach. Although they all jumped from different heights, they all seemed to arrive around the same time. For 5 it was a bit more of a struggle to swim that far. But 4 was right by his side helping him along the way. As the group relaxed in the 1 air for a while, they became to realize that they 1 hungry, but much to lazy to swim back, climb up the rocks, and walk the train tracks back to the car. But hunger was taking over. As they swam back, climbed the rocks, gathered they're belongings and headed back, they started brainstorming for a place to eat. "1 going to be going through 2." 1 said. "1 1!" 4 shouted. At that moment the decision was made. On the ride back, they switched drivers and sitting arrangements. Once they got to 2 they all stopped at 1 and filled they're stomach's up. They all chose to stop at 5 work 3, to say hi to some of his friends. 4 was 5 girlfriend so they had some showing off to do. They all finished up saying they're hello's, and went back to 1 house where all the cars 1 parked. 4 and 5 decided to shower, while 1 wanted to play some video games, as for 2, she headed to home to shower and get ready to meet back up with her friends. 5 hours later, they all headed to they're hang-out spot, which they referred to as "the spot". They invited a couple of they're friends 63, and 37. They made a camp fire while the sun was setting because it grew to get colder, and colder. While 1, 3, 6 and 2 1 sitting around the fire in chairs, 4 and 5 1 riding around the camp site (which was really a huge hunk of 5 mom's land) on a quad. The group would take turns riding the quad but one ride in particular, made some memories. Once 5 and 4 came back, 2 wanted to give 4 a ride around. So 5 hopped off, and 2 hopped on, as 4 wrapped her arms around her waist, and they took off. There was a certain trail where there was a long in the way of riding, so the driver would always have to find a way to maneuver around it. Usually it worked, this time it didn't. 2 hesitated to just ride right over it. She was afraid of all the power. 4 really didn't seem to care, and she took over and slammed on the gas. They high tailed it on the log and rolled the quad right over. 4 didn't weigh that much so she flew off, 2 on the other had got her foot caught under the handle. 4 got the strength to lift the quad off her foot, and 2 got right out. 4 decided to call the boys, and they hopped right into 1 to come save them. 5 flipped the quad right over and got on it and drove back behind the 1. This memory will never be forgotten with in the group, even if the group will never be the same.
