 About 1 years ago, my best friend 1 6 I were having a sleep over at her house. We were in her moms room playing with this huge exercise ball. We had been jumping, standing, flipping, 6 everything you could think of but trying to do that with out falling off of it! 1 went to go do this flip on to the ball 6 she said " 1 2 watch this cool thing I just did!" 3 she try's to do the same thing she did, but she messes up, 6 the giant ball went flying out from under her! We started laughing 3 hard! It was 3 funny that she almost peed her pants! But then her older sister came in, 6 that's when it all started... 1, (1's older sister) was always much bigger than us 3 we did 8 she said no matter 8. As soon as she walked in we stopped 8 we were doing! She said that she wanted to play a game with us, 3 we decided to play too. 1 told us to get on the bed 6 go under the blankets. 3 we did 6 right when we did the light shut off! 6 the door slammed shut! We didn't know if she was still in the room or not 3 we didn't say a word. The next thing you know, the door barley creeks open 6 you can see a little bit of light through the crack. She was back, 6 with supplies! It was silent for about 2 minutes, then 1 starts screaming! Right when I look over 1 is getting dragged out of the bed by her feet. While I'm trying to bring her back up I feel someone grabbing my feet! There I go, right where 1 is! We kept trying to hide,6 get back up on the bed, but we eventually gave up because our plan didn't work that well. All of a sudden my feet were tied together! Then my hands 6 mouth! 1 kept throwing us around the room 6 hitting us, she thought it was the funniest thing in the whole world! She was laughing 3 hard, especially when we kept trying to get back on the bed with tied hands 6 feet. After an hour of struggling me 6 1 had an idea! We thought if we hid in the bathroom she couldn't get us anymore 6 we would try to un-tie each others bandannas 6 ropes. But before we could do that 1 beat us to it! She had thrown us into the bathroom corner with the lights off! It was silent. "1 8 is that noise? " I said. "4 the bath!" she said. We tried to get out, but right when we did, 1 picked us up 6 threw us in! She was laughing the whole time! While we were screaming yelling for each other. 6 for help! When we got out of the bathtub she threw us back up on the bed 6 finally untied our bandannas 6 ropes! After she turned the light back on we looked at our wrists 6 ankles 6 there was red marks all over them. 1 said "5! Your crazy, we told you to stop 6 you didn't!" 6 right after she screamed that 1's 7 walks in. "8 is all the yelling for girls?" 6 then it all came out! In the end 1 got in trouble 6 we got out of it. 1 6 I learned a huge lesson. Never "play a game" with your older sister when she has bandannas 6 ropes!
