        Freshmen 1 All freshmen 1 was a 1 of fun. There was this boy who made me smile and laugh. I swore I was falling in love. We had one class together. Which was called 2. Passing each other in the hallway just would make my 1. We met in a class that we both didn't care for. I would ask him for help even though I didn't need it just so I could talk to him. We also would see each other at the swimming pool because his brother swam and I did also. I would see him during the 1 but not very often. Instead of him "helping" me we would sit and talk about our lives how they were at school and at home. First semester is over and he got moved out of the class to another class period. We would still talk at the pool and see each during the school 1. He would now give me hugs in the hallway. We started to become really close friends. Talking drew us even closer. Laughing was big part in our conversations. We found out that we have a lot in common. Like hunting, wheeling, foods, favorite dog and our personalities are so much alike, that it seems as if we grew up around each other. 1 came around one more month of school. I started to go to his house every once in awhile. He came to mine more often. In the beginning of 4 strawberry festival came around and I asked him to go with me. He said okay and his parents also went but with my parents. That 3 was fun and enjoyable. The end of 4 was finally here, school was out in a 1. Summer break was here. The 1 1 of school was fun. It was going to be so nice not to have homework over the 3 or during the week. All we did the 1 of school was sign 1 books and tell funny stories about the school 1. After school I went to swim practice and after practice he was still at the pool waiting for his brother. We were outside talking and all the sudden out of know where he asked me "will you go out with me"? I said... yes! He made me one of the happiest girls in the world that 1. Today, in 2 we are still dating. One and only relationship I have ever had. I hope we 1. He tells me almost every 1 that he is going to marry me. He tells me he doesn't know what he would do with out me. I told everyone I swore I was falling in love. Now everyone knows I fell in love. I fell in love at first sight. We talk and laugh all the time we hardly ever argue.
