       Laughter 1 2 3 4 "5, we've got something to tell 3." I knew 9 they were about to tell me. I saw the signs. I knew that 8 they went into the other room, 6 wasn't for some quality time together. They were getting a divorce 11 the time to tell me had come. As each of my parents gathered around me, I knew that they were about to say something I wasn't ready to hear. The words "We are getting a divorce," rang in my head like church bells 8 a couple is getting married. The happiest sound 3 could ever hear. But that was the exact opposite of 9 was going on right now. As I looked up into the face of my mother, I could tell she had been crying. Where the blue, gray mixture used to meet 11 become one, 6 had turned red 11 irritated. 6 killed me inside to see her crying, 11 while this was happening my dad just sat on the couch near me with his head buried in his hands. I could tell that he was thinking that he was so in love 11 that 6 all just went downhill, leaving him with an intense feeling of resentment 11 anger towards my mother. The love of his life, was now his enemy. At seven I couldn't fully wrap my mind around 9 was happening to our family. I got that one parent would move away, that I wouldn't always get tucked into bed at night by a duo of love, I just didn't understand 7 this had to happen. My poor little brother. Only four, how could they possibly explain this to him. If I was confused, he had to of been off on another planet. At the thought of my family crumbling before my eyes, I wanted to cry. I wanted to go far, far away from the troubles occurring at home. If a genie had been there to grant my three wishes, I would of used all three of them if I thought there would be a possibility to save my parents relationship. Crying just seemed so much easier than sitting in the living room listening to my parents say ,"6's not your fault, don't blame yourself, this is between your father 11 I." 7 did they think those statements made 6 better? Because 6 really didn't help. My parents had fallen out of love with each other, 11 the hope I had that they would get back together was diminishing faster than the amount of rain forest left in 1. Plus, there was still the underlying factor that my home was broken. 11 more importantly than my home, my heart. 6 was broken 11 I didn't think there was enough super glue in the whole world to pull the pieces back together. Just 8 6 felt like the whole world was going to crash down upon me, my mother said something to me that I 1 never forget. "8 3 feel like crying, laugh. Remember all the good times that we spent together as afamily." One by one, each memory began to flood back into my mind. 8 dad jumped into the pile of leaves we had collectively raked. The time 8 mom 11 I made sugar cookies in the winter that ended up burnt, but still made the whole house feel warm 11 familiar. 11 especially the wedding that brought the two of them together in matrimony. That sacred bond that only ministers can ensue on people. The one that forever changed their lives 11 mine. I began to laugh, 11 then to cry. My parents weren't sure 9 to think about my sudden change of emotion. They asked ,"9's wrong, 10?" 11 I, still thinking that none of these memories would be had again, I then realized something. I realized that even though my family wouldn't be together all the time, that we would still laugh. That 8 someone slipped on a piece of paper, 6 would be funny. My tears had stopped spewing out of my eyes like a dam in desperate need of repair, 11 the realization had finally set in that we would be okay. That with laughter in our lives, 11 memories in our hearts, we would survive this. From then on, i solely believed in that one statement spoken to me by my mother. "8 3 feel like crying, laugh." The statement that said to me, 6's okay to be sad, but that as long as 3 have laughter in your life, everything 1 be alright. In my heart, I applauded my mom for handling that situation so well. If 6 had not been for her, I would of kept on with the water works 11 never stopped for just a second to think about all the hilarious times we had had together. So, as far as laughter goes, don't forget to just take a moment out of every day to remember each punch line to every corny joke, 6 1 2 3 4.
