 Laughter can be a good think and sometimes it could be a sad thing. When me and my family went to 3 we went for my two little brothers appointment. We left a little early so we could have some vacation time. When we arrived to where were going we got onto a fairy to go to a island up in 1. On are way there my sister 1 was acting like she was on the titanic she had the dress and everything. My brothers and dad and i just couldn't stop laughing at her because she is eighteen. 5 while we stayed down there we were at are uncles house and they have a little dog and she was running from it and she fell so hard and my family and i weren't trying to laugh at her but it's kinda hard. After we went to lunch with are uncle and aunt we went to there military base 1 would not keep here hands off of the jets. What my family and i thought was so funny is 1 is eighteen and the rest of us are fourteen or younger so i guess we just like to pick on 2. When we went to 3 it was the night before the boy's appointment and are family and us went to the under ground tour of 3. Well after that was all done we went to the gift shop that come's up at the end of the tour well 1 buys a pin that said something no so good and after she bought it are 4 had seen it she threw it away because she doesn't like things like that but 1 pulled out of the trash. After that all of us got hungry so we went to this place where they sale some really 1 tacos and we got a order and we sat down well we also got some sodas and my other sister and i took a bite of are food and took a drink of are food 5 1 says "oh my gosh there are two really hot guys right there" 5 sierra take the biggest gulp of tapattao and i don't remember what 1 said but she said something and it made me and sierra bust up laughing and we spit are food all over 2 she gets up and screams. So of course are parents and family don't want to be there anymore because we embarrassed them so we all started to walk up to the car and right when are uncle 3 yelled 1 don't fall because thins is where i fell all you hear is are sister falling behind us is was so funny. What made it even more funny was that me and sierra just started to stop laughing and oh my goodness we were laughing the whole way to the car. Are whole way home 1 was mad at us because we were still laughing at her but we went to the beach she was over it. I think when we went to the beach that was the place where we started to bond a lot more because we were all playing no cell phones lots of picture rock climbing that was fun we left 1 and my brother 2 behind a couple of times 5 2 tried to keep throwing me into the water so i would pushed him back 5 2 threw a rock at 2 and she fell over. When we were all taking a picture on a 1 log we were all shaking it and 1 sierra and i all fell of and i hurt my arm so we had to go to the doctors. A month after we got home are 4 took 1, sierra, aunt 4 and i to 3 on ice and that was probably the best time of my life. Are 4 says "i don't know what's funnier 1 waving to the actors on the ice that cant see her in the dark or the show." 5 are aunt said"yeah thank you 6 for making me sit next to her." 5 when the cartoon toys story came on sierra and i said"look 1 what are you doing on the ice arena and she thought that we were talking about the pig and we were all no the little troll and 4 and aunt 4 just busted up laughing it was hilarious. When we went home we were all talking about it and laughing and she got mad because were always making fun of her because she is short but when it comes to us she thinks its so funny. There is a lot of laughter in our family and i cant wait to have more in it so that when i grow up I'll have a lot of good memories beside me and I'll still look back like i am now and I'll say wow what good times i have had since i grew up. When we are family laughs together i think that is the time when we actually communicate
