    Twins For a 1 Laughter is a large part of who I am. I am a very happy, outgoing person, and I love to laugh. I especially the laughs that make your stomach feel like its going to fall out of your body and continue laughing on the floor. That's 23 I surround myself with people that are like me, that's my best friend 1 and I are like two peas in a pod. People tell us all the time that we look like twins, and when we're together 24's like a hurricane of loud, crazy laughter. The best part of our friendship is that we are alike I think, and we use 24 to our advantage. One 1 1 and I were taking a stroll downtown. We were just window shopping,when we past a clothing store that had on display a auburn tank top that had blue swirls coming up from the bottom and up one side, also a pair of dark blue jeans with a rip in the knee. 1 and I fell in love with the outfit, and as we stood outside the window like ravenous dogs drooling over a piece of freshly cut meat, an idea hit me.When I turned to 1 and said " 2? (her nickname) 2 if I was you and you were me when we 14 meet 3 later?". She turned to look at me, and her eyes lit up like 24 was 4. We ran into the store and bought the outfit. We looked in the mirror and we both knew we could pull this betrayal off. The pants fit our curves, that were identical, like a glove, and the tank top rested on our bodies in the same pattern. The only difference was she was a bit taller than me and my hair was longer than hers, but we deiced that showing a little neck wouldn't be to bad, 7 we just threw our hair up in buns and called 24 good. As we left the store, we got asked if we were sisters, and we replied in a simultaneous "5, kinda" 24 was reassurance that if we could trick them, then we could trick anyone. We comfortably walked towards the county library lawn where we were meeting 3. when we were close to the lawn of the library 1 turned to me and said "hide behind this tree, tell I head back, and then sneak around back and freak him out!"7 I hid behind the tree while she went up to say hello, he asked where I was and she said "I do not know actually"while she dug in her bag, "but I think I dropped something down there, I'll be right back, stay put." "8" he replied. All the while I was sneaking around the back of the garden and I hopped down off of an embankment and said "9 I am!" he was gawking off at a car that was parked a little ways down the road, he jumped a little, and I said "10 did I scare you?" in an little school girl voice, and he replied "5, of course not! A man does not get scared." I just rolled my eyes and him and said "I have something for you, but you have to close your eyes". He was apprehensive at first but he did as I 1 had managed to sneak up behind him, and when she tapped him on the shoulder he turned, but he gave me a look of bafflement as he did. When they were face to face 1 shouted "9 13 14!" and 3 nearly jumped to the moon. 1 and I were laughing 7 hard we nearly peed our brand new pants. 3 in confusion whipped his head between 1 and I, and said "16 this is interesting" we continued laughing like buffoons, and 3 even giggled a little. He told us "18't you two ever do this again!" and I said "19! We basically are sisters 7 23 not play the part?" he just glared at me in discontent and 1 rolled her eyes and said "2? Did the man get scared?". We both cracked up again and 3 just smiled cause he knew we were playing around. 24 was just a blast after that, 1 and I continued to torment the town as twins. We ran around cars and into stores and had a stupendous time being absolute fools. We even got 3 to laugh hard enough to clutch his stomach. When 24 was time to 14, we ventured to the parking lot where 1's mother was going to pick us up, she did a triple take when she saw us, she just laughed at us when we got in and asked "23 are you two wearing the same 2 and I just looked at each other and busted out laughing, and we replied "24's a long story". 24 was the perfect end to an amazing 1 being my best friend.
