 A long time ago when I was in third grade I had a friend who's mom was in a bad mood. She never laughed and she never smiled. Every time I saw her I would smile at her and all she would do was frown and keep walking. At first I didn't know she was a grouch i just thought she didn't like me or something.When 2 told me his mom was a grouch I started to laugh and laugh. He asked me what was so funny i told him that i thought his mom didn't like me or something because every time I see his mom I would smile at her and all she will do is frown and walk away. That made my friend laugh we were cracking up so hard that we got in trouble in class. The next day 2 and I were eating lunch at school when he says to me &lt;hey your pretty good at making people laugh&gt;. I said &lt;no I am not my jokesare horrible&gt;. He said &lt;1 lets put them to the test go up to some one new to this school&gt;. I said 1 so we went around the whole school looking for a new student unfortunately we couldn't find one we heard the bell ring and we ran to our class. We sat in the back of the classroom its only 2 and I and anempty seat between us. We were excited because our teacher 1 was going to show us a movie. 1 got the front of the room andclass today I have an announcement we have a new student in our class say hello to 1. 1 walked through the door. 1 told 1 shecould sit in the back in between 2 and I. She sat down turned to the both of us and said hello. 2 gave me a look that said tell her the joke and 3 him a thumbs up. I turned to 1 and said hi I'm 4 do you want to hear a joke. 1 said yeah sure. I started &lt;5 knockshe said &lt;who's thereI said &lt;booshe said &lt;boo who?I said &lt;oh don't cry I am right here&gt;. At first she didn't laugh because she didn't get it but duringthe middle of the movie she said &lt;ohhhh I get itand she started to laugh. 2 turned to me and said &lt;I told you so&gt;. 2 got this crazy idea that if I spent the night at his house that I could make his mom laugh or at least make her smile. I said &lt;1 sounds like a plan&gt;. I asked mt mom if it was 1 if I could spend the night at 2 house she said &lt;yeah just make sure its 1 with his mom&gt;. 2 asked his mom she said it was 1. When I got to 2 house the first thing we did was play video games. When it was dinner time we all sat down at the table to eat 2 and I were on one side and his parents on the other. When we started eating 2 told me to tell the joke to his parents i said 1. So I said to them &lt;5 5&gt;they replied &lt;who's thereI said &lt;boothey said &lt;boo who?I said &lt;oh don't cry I am right here&gt;. His parents started to laugh and laugh and they keptlaughing for like five minutes. 2 turned to me and yelled it worked his mom asked what worked. 2 explained everything to them. His mom told usthat her mom had recently died and that's why she was in a bad mood. After dinner we went to bed and fell asleep. The next morning when my mom came to pick me up she asked me how the sleep over went. I said it was fun I made people laugh. She said 1 but laughter isn't going to help you clean your roomall i could say was gosh darn it.    
