Laughter is a 1 2 do things like music, tears and laughter have in common? 19're all universal languages- 19 surpass any 1 barriers to get the point across without words. 21 was definitely the case the time my 3's best friend 3 came to visit from 2. I was eight at the time. I'd lived in 1 all my life, and hearing other languages wasn't something that happened on a regular basis. When my 3 announced that her college roommate 3 was coming for a few days along with her family, I felt some apprehension at the idea of trying to talk to them. However, my 3 was encouraging. "4 will be a learning experience!" was her enthusiastic war cry any time I whined. "5'll learn some 6, and 19'll learn some 7." 4 was a cold, stormy 2 day when 19 arrived. As 19 pulled their blue minivan into our driveway, I 12 felt shy. After all, I only had faint memories of my "9" 3's visit years ago, and I'd never met the rest of her family. However, my sense of worry was soon replaced by 9 3's rich voice: "11! 5've gotten so tall!" 12 I was enfolded in her warm embrace, and I smelled the familiar smell of my 9: chocolate, detergent, and something spicy as if she'd just been cooking. Soon 1 had moved on to greeting my younger sister and I was left awkwardly standing next to 1's three children. I realized that I didn't know 2 to say- or even how to say anything to them. While 3 was bilingual, yet she didn't speak 7 around her children. There was a total 1 barrier. The awkwardness passed momentarily when the adults intervened. 3 bustled into our silent mass and began introducing us. Her oldest was tall, dark haired 1, who was the ancient and worldly age of twelve. Closest to my age was nine year old 14, who had a quick smile and a mischievous glint in her eye. The youngest, 2, was petite even for her tender age of four. I smiled and nodded as each was introduced, and smiled and nodded some more as 3 introduced me and my sister 15 to them. As 19 chattered back at her in 6, I marveled at how clever 19 seemed for speaking another 1. How, I wondered, did my 7 sound to them? My 3 soon ushered us into the house. She had begun making dinner, and 3 joined her in our small kitchen to "catch up on life." For a while, we kids stayed close to our parents, like birds hesitating to leave the nest. Soon, however, 4 became apparent that seven people was too many to fit in one kitchen. "18 don't 5 go show them your rooms?" my 3 suggested. "19 still haven't met 20!" 21 seemed like a good idea, since 20, our cat, was friendly to anyone and everyone. 15 and I led the way to to find him while the 23 talked in hushed 6 voices behind us. As we got to the living room, 2 12 let out a squeal. She ran across the floor to 20, who had been napping in the sun. I was worried that she would startle him, but the overweight tabby simply got up sleepily and yawned. And then, to our amazement, 20 did something he'd never done before. He jumped up and placed his hind legs on 2's chest. He was a large cat, and she was small, so 4 turned out so that he was looking her in the eye. For a moment, 19 looked at each other, surprised, and then she fell down into a sitting position. Worried she might cry, I started to go over to help, but then something entirely different escaped out of her mouth: the contagious laugh of a four year old. For a moment, there was a surprised silence from the rest of us as she howled at the hilarity of 4, but soon we couldn't help but join in. And in that moment, I realized that we didn't even have to learn each other's languages- the laughter that we'd shared had broken the ice and the 1 barrier. I still remember that visit fondly today, because 4's the first time that I realized how alike other cultures are to our own. True, we had a hard time relating at the beginning. But by the end, we had become friends, all because of a cat, a four year old, and the one 1 we did have in common- laughter.
