A true story for me in laughter. My favorite memory in laughter happened two years ago 4 I meet my friend 1. I meet her at the 1. I was walking out of 5's 4, 1 was walking in. We bumped right into each other. First, we were both mad at each other and just saying, "3 watch where your going!" 4 we both calmed down we went our separate ways. I went to the food court and not even ten minutes behind me she was right there. We both waited in the 3 line. 1 and I just stood by each other for awhile, until I apologized for running into her earlier. She said, "5 its 6, I should of been watching where I was going other then watching the floor, as I walk." We laughed for a little while until it was our turn to get some food. After we payed, I asked her if she would like to sit with me because we were both alone at the time. The reason why we were alone was because both of our parents were doing more shopping. We started to talk about where we were from and what schools we go to. 1 goes to a private 2 1 in 1, 6. I have told her I went to 2. We were both in our freshmen year of 4 2 and we both loved band. 1 and I have just noticed that we have meet before once at a band competition. We have bumped into each other before the same way at least a year ago before bumping into each other again. As she was coming out of one of the rooms where her band was warming up. I was just coming across the room to get to the room where my band was warming up in two doors down. I was just walking, just like 1 was just walking in the 1, I was watching the floor as I walked. Also, we both got mad each other as well. We both just laughed for awhile just laughing how we did the same thing, but the other way to each other before. We both have changed a lot and we both knew we would be very good friends. I guess having laughter with someone you can tell if you well be good friends or not. Laughter is a big deal in friendship. I mean whats the point of having a friend 4 you don't even have laughter once in awhile and have awesome memories with each other. I still hang out with 1 until this very day and we still can't believe that we meet twice in the same way.
