 4 whole life, I've been a child of laughter, one who did all 5 could to find the joy in existence. As I've grown, 4 hunger for delight hasn't ceased, and when I fell through a metal roof a few years back, 4 joyous obsession remained. The woman who gave me life is an only child. 5 has a few step-siblings, but it's a crew we never see. When I think of 4 relatives, those people never cross 4 mind. I actually can't even remember them. That fact makes 4 childhood seem void or vacant (considering that 4 father died when I was a tiny toddler), but there's no need to feel sympathetic towards me. I mean, sure, growing up in a low-income household, with a single mother and two young children was a hard thing to handle, but I made it through. Have you ever had a best friend that you considered to be family in some way? That's all that 4 mother had. Unlike myself, her only savior in life was her closest confidant, 1. 5 and 4 mother had been best friends since before high school - before I was even thought of. 1's always been there for us. 5 even stood by 4 mother's side when I was born. I'm sure as teenagers, having babies was something outlandish, but a mere two years after 4 arrival, 1 found herself giving birth to her own beautiful daughter, 2. They've been 4 family ever since; 4 aunt and cousin. For all of 4 childhood, I grew up in one house. Throughout the years that I resided there, 1 and her daughter had taken multiple occasions to go on and join us. I used to share a room with 2, and we fought like rivals, but loved like sisters. 4 brother was born five years after I and three years after 2. 6 was always too small for us to play with, so having other girls in the house was convenient. The both of them served as the family I never had... but it wasn't always such a dandy thing. 2 and I did a lot of cruel fighting in our time, but I never once thought that maybe our fights would cause them to leave us. One 1 1, on a warm and bare day, I awoke to find those people of 4 life missing. They had left. A year or so passed by, and we didn't see them around. 1 didn't drop by. 5 didn't send a letter. It was as if they fell off the face of the 1. 4 heart was hurt, but it soon became healed. Our land-line phone began buzzing off the hook one evening, and to our surprise, 1 was on the other line, "We just moved in. You have to come see our new place." 1, it was as if nothing between the two adults ever went wrong. When we arrived to visit them in their new adobe, 2 took me to one of her friend's houses to climb their shed. I didn't object, I wanted to be friends again... though if I had known what was in store for me, I wouldn't have gone. As we walked from the crime scene and along the mile road, the most you could hear from our direction was 4 sobbing. A young boy who didn't seem much older than I turned the corner facing us. When 6 saw what a mess I was, 6 laughed. "2 isn't funny!" I cried. His expression became serious, "3, I... what happened?" 4 face was too buried in 4 hands for me to speak, so 2 took over, "5 fell through a metal roof!" The both of us were thinking it, but neither of us said a thing: "jerk!" 6 turned sympathetic and offered a helping hand, but I turned him away. The further 2 and I paced down the stretch of cement, the more tolerable the wounds on 4 body became. "7," glancing over at 2, I smiled, "6 was really cute," I cradled 4 face out of embarrassment. 2 blushed, agreeing with 4 opinion. "and it sucks because I'm crying, and dirty, and limping, and a huge bloody mess... and the world just always works 2 way! Of course I'd run into a cute guy looking like 2!" 4 cousin laughed; 5 full on cracked up, amused by me. I didn't quite understand it at the time, but something that stirred up in the situation tickled against 4 inner stomach, and I laughed as 3. The two of us spent the rest of the distance laughing about the incident and sharing stories similar to our problem. Looking back on all of 2, I'd like to think that being a young, unintelligent, and naive adolescent brought 4 cousin and I back to common grounds, but then I'd be lying. In all honesty, it was our laughter. Even in the most scary and tense situations of the world, laughing for any reason makes a person feel better. Laughing heals feelings, arises thoughts, and brings people together.
