Laughter is a 1 2 3 4 have been there, I know 4 have. We all have. 4 have been that kid that just did not feel like helping your nagging parent out. Especially when your dad had been in a huge motorcycle wreck and 4 had been waiting on him hand and foot the entire visit there.10 had gone through a couple of surgeries and was put on a lot of medications for 2. I had noticed 10 was not really himself on all these pills. His abnormality was taking a toll on the family. Through all these stressful times, we were also worried about 6 stepmother. She was pregnant with her second child. There was also stress of having 6 fathers business being the main income, and him not being able to work. 6 father felt helpless, his leg was to weak for him to be doing anything.10 would micromanage everything, and tell 4 were doing things all wrong. The was starting to cause a lot of tension within the house. Today was the day. Isabelle (6 little sister) and I were left alone with 6 with dad for the first time.I was going to the kitchen to get scissors for an art project we were doing in 6 room. Father asked asked if I could make him some oatmeal, of course with full hands I said "5, but I will when I'm done." 6 father took that as disrespect, and hobbled over to me with his crutches. 10 was yelling at me which was upsetting, so instead of fighting back i headed to 6 room.The anger in his voice was excruciating. I turned around, told him to stop yelling, and headed back to 6 room. That's when it happened. 6 father hooked the end of a little kids chair and flung it down the hallway. It bounced off the walls, breaking an outlet shell, putting a hole in the wall, and hitting 6 knee. I didn't say anything, being afraid of what would happen next. Slamming the door luckily I had the phone and I called 6 grandmother. I told her on a voice mail that I wanted her to pick me up and take me to her house. She showed up an hour or so later not knowing I left a voice mail. I explained what happened, and she comforted 6 sister and I telling us it would be okay. 6 grandmother sat us all in the living room to try and resolve the situation. By then 6 dad had come to his senses and apologized to both of us. 10 used popcorn and candy to make us forgive him, then 10 started making fun, and jokes. Every time there is a fight or disagreeing 6 dad always cracks a few jokes to get us in a better mood. The one thing different this time is after 10 told some jokes, 10 apologized again. This time explaining why 10 was sorry. I liked that which made the rest of the day quite a joy. " 7 made laughter to be a 1 2 medicine, 1 minutes of laughter is equal to two hours of 2 3." 8 9 on a 1 service talked about this. Laughter can truly mend a broken heart. The 2 that 6 sister an I went through that day was all over after the laughter 6 father gave us. "Laughter can save us." 10 also stated. After this day I believe with a little humor 6 father an I's relationship can get through anything. I would never let one mistake control a life time bond. Laughter will always be in our hearts.
