 Day after day, people laugh. For many different reasons, only those who are laughing 1 know.There have been times in everyone's lives, where they just need to laugh. Maybe because we are upset, or to make a situation more comfortable, to get to know someone better, even to just get a conversation started. I was 1 years old, I was finally hired for a job. I am now an employee for 1. Being the youngest guy 1 the crew, I had to make an impression. I didn't know 11 to do. My first few days were awkward and silent.I was so nervous, i kept thinking to myself " 11 am I doing, I don't belong here. I don't know anyone, don't knowwhat i am doing." 1 one of the hottest days of the year, we had finished our work for the day and everyone 1 the crewwas going to the river. I wasn't planning 1 going, until 2, one of the guys that i will also be going to school with came up to me and said " hey 3 21 need a ride to the river?" and 6 laughed. " 4 could 21 give me a ride to my house to grab a pair of shorts?" I replied. " 5 I'll lend 21 a pair." 6 said. " I don't think 21'll have a pair that will fit my fat ass." I replied. " 7 7 17 i do lets go." 6 said 2, and I walked over to his truck and went to his house. I noticed something as soon as I got into his truck, a bottle with 11 I thought was coffee in it. I asked him. " 10 do 21 need coffee in the morning?" I said " 11 are 21 talking about?" 6 replied " The bottle." I said " 7 7 21 dumb ass, that's not coffee that chew spit." 6 repliedI just left it at that. We got to his house, walked in through the garage, and there was the cutest dog i had ever seen,her name was 3. She followed us though the house, and 6 gave me the tour. Then handed me a pair of shorts and we went 1 our way. We all met back up at work, and went from there. This being my first time going to the river with them, I saw so much of the property that i had never seen before. We went past our hay barn and down a gravel road. to this gate, which led to the river. I had never seen the gate, I'm riding in the bed of 2's truck, bouncing around. The road has so many ruts. Once we reach the river,everyone starts changing. My bosses daughter is there and our crew leader's girlfriend. And I glance over at them once there dressedand my crew leader, 1, looks at me and says "16". and so I turn around and 6's tossing the cooler at me. I try and 16 the cooler but it throws me to my butt. Everyone starts laughing even I do, 6 comes over and helps me up and says, " that's for looking at my cousin and girlfriend."" 17 I looked, hell i aint got no chance of hooking up with them anyway" I replied. Everyone laughed, and that's how we started out day at the river. In a great mood. We sit around and listen to music talking and having fun.Then 2 and 1, start floating down the river. So we all go, all of us trying to 16 up. We finally do all of us are sore from the rocks 1 our rears. There is this log I see, sitting in the river. I climb to the top, and try a back flip. Only to show off of course. some how 19 perfectly in the river. All of us start jumping off and having a good old time. It starts to get dark, and we get to the bank, start walking back. everyone going a different way because we all know the best way back.we all finally make it back. And go up to 6 house, once we reach the house, they decide we're going out to eat. Once we get to 2 all order, 1 says to me " 20 o, 21 know we were all kinda worried about 21, 21 never spoke." " I had nothing to say" I replied." 21 know, your gonna get yourself in trouble checking out a guys family and girl". 6 said." I know, but i cant help it". I replied. I looked over at his cousin and winked." 21 have some balls, but I'm glad 21 1 the crew". 6 said. That's when I knew, I was finally welcomed. That night I stayed at 2's, and we just sat up watching 24 and joking back and forth.Now after looking back, I see that a good sense of humor can go a long ways. creates a good relationship. Now to me 2 is an olderto me.
