 I was late like usual for the bus; barley having any time to sit before it moved. I saw my friends sitting in seats directly behind one in other 2 I stopped and said to them,  "1 guys make it 2 hard to choose." I smiled sarcastically. 1 who was sitting behind 3 motioned for me to sit with her. I gave 1 a quick smile and told her that 3 and I would turn around and talk with her. 1 smiled as 21 leaned her head against my seat. 3 and I gave 1 about five minutes of quiet, then we started talking with her. About the time we arrived at the middle school, we all were having a swell time. Until then 3 and I were fine! But as soon as the bus left the middle school, we were in an uproar of laughter! Everything 21 said made me laugh and everything I said made her laugh too! After we left the middle school though, this little sixth grader came to sit in front of us and boy was he annoying! He kept turning around, giving 3 and I weird stares and asking us how many joints we had smoked. Of course that made 3 and I crack up even more! I was blabbing about how I had stuff in my biology book. But I was talking about notes! The boy obviously thought I was talking about joints. Well for one, I will not smoke, try it, or let it ever come near me. 2 I thought it was absolutely hilarious that he thought I meant joints. 3 who was sitting to the left of me, had her head on the seat crying because 21 was laughing 2 hard. Seeing this, I laughed even harder 2 that the sounds coming out of both of us, were the silent and deadly laughter. The boy still turned around with stares and added eyebrows. As soon as we passed the fruit packing company, he started taking in 8 to us. Now I'm trying to learn 8, 2 I didn't have the faintest idea of what he was saying to us. Neither did 3. Of course he didn't know what he was talking about either. He was leaning over in the isle to talk to these native 8 speakers who were also watching us with huge smiles on their faces. Being the comedian that I am, I decided to start talking about how he could know more 8, then me when he was only in sixth grade!He of course quieted right down, but the 8 speakers were howling with laughter. I mean I was shedding tears the time 3 got off the bus. After 21 got off, I decided to check in on ol' 1. 21 looked like 21 was trying to sleep, 2 I gently nudged her and 21 looked up at me. I had personally forgotten about 1 in the back until 3 got off at her stop.  "16 1 17.k? Do 1 need a doctor?" 1 asked with a confused grin on her face.I tried to talk, but was laughing in between all of my words,2 it came out as pea soup! "17.k, now 1 really scare me!" 1 retorted with a serious face. "18 come on 1! I'm suppose to scare 1! The freshman scare sophomores, sophomores - juniors,and juniors scare the seniors?" I explained, laughing in between it all. Still my 19 sounded like pea soup. "20, but 1 still scare my personally. Don't do that!" 21 belted out laughing. I had put my face over the seat, then lowered my head 2 that all 21 could see were my eyes. I then did my 22 23 eyebrow thing in which I move my eyebrows from one side of my forehead to the other, in a wave motion. I thought that I was making her laugh! Which I was, but the outburst made even more people look at us. I mean the attention was fine. But the boy still would interrupt 1 and I. He was just blurt out," 24 bueno? 24 bueno?" 1 and I again would just look at him. He of course was soaking all the attention in. He then I think, insulted my mother, which 1 pointed out.But I didn't care at that point because I was in such a happy mood, that I wasn't going to let someone who I didn't even know, ruin it. Both 1 and I looked up to see her stop coming up. It was really something to think back to all we have done together on the bus. The famous disappearing bus driver ride was a hilarious day and 2 was the proof reading my 19 paper bus ride. Good times. I told her this as 21 was getting off the bus. 21 laughed and 2 did I.  Finally, when the bus reached my stop, I crossed over the road and headed home. For fun I decided to look back at the bus. I did and saw the boy starring at me. I lost it then.
