Laughter A true story that involves 4 and laughter was when i was hanging out with my 1 2, 1, and her fiance 4 (who is a profesional quad racer) at a 1 concert in 2. The concert was the best concert i have ever been to and probably the best one i will ever go to because 1 is my favorite band. They even played the song that made them, its called 3 4. When we were there the music was really loud and a bunch of people were drinking and getting drunk and doing stupid stuff. Like this one guy who was standing behind his girlfriend who was sitting down in the grass, this guy had a few too many to drink. He was standing behind his girlfriend laughing at a joke that oneof his drunk buddies told him and then he leans on his girlfriend but just falls on her and folds her right in half like a lawn chair. My 1 and 4 started laughing, it was pretty funny. But then the guys girlfriend got up and walked out of the stadium so he got pretty sad. The rest of the concert was pretty funny. The front rows seats were only for people over 1 because during the concert the band would bring out some beer guns and shower the front rows with beer. The front rows were the craziest rows. The back rows were pretty crazy too, people were smoking marijuiana in the back rows, but we werent. When we left we all smelled like weed and didnt want to get pulled over for any reason and have the cop think that we were drugies. It was a long ride home, we live in 3, 2 and we drove to 4, 2 and back in one day. I was so tired, we didnt even take any chairs to the concert so we had to stand up in the same spot for about 2 hours. But it was all worth it to see my favorite band in concert. They had a few other bands before them that were also great. Bands like; 2, 5/6, and 7. So it was deffinetly the best concert I have ever been to. The second best concert ive ever been to was a 8 concert in 1 with my 9 3 and 1 1 during the 10 11. There were a lot of things we did before the concert like; look at animals, eat, go on rides, buy things, eat more, get drinks, and walk around the 11. A lot of things made 4 laughlike when my 1 stepped in horse and goat poop and when my mom dropped her food on her lap. The concert was really cool, they played some songs to there new album 12 and 13. It wasnt as long as the drive to the 1 concert and it wasnt as good. But it was still awesome.
