 Laughter. We all need it. We need it 8 a reminder that 7 is hope for those who have perseverance, for those who strive not to better others, but for those who strive to better themselves. We need it 8 a reminder to live our dreams, instead of dreaming of living. And, in my opinion, most importantly, 8 a reminder that even though we 1 make mistakes, 7 is still a chance for those who simply have the courage to seize it. In the 1, my foster parents decided to go out for dinner. The children, of course, were not invited. We were to either stay home with the babysitter, or go to a friend's house. No one wanted to stay home, 8 7 was nothing to do. One of my best friends, 2, was a single child living with her grandmother. I made a quick phone call and ten minutes later I was waiting for her grandmother to pick me up. It was about five in the 1, and I was to be back no later then nine. I had four hours, and it was two weeks before 1. Neither of us knew 13 to do with so much time on our hands. After all, we only saw each other for a few hours at school. This way new to both of us. We were both sophomores, and I had a crush on 1. This turned out to be a big problem, considering 6 knew this piece of information. 6 didn't have a problem with it, but 1, her boyfriend, did. We got along, but he didn't like the fact that I was spending so much time with her, especially while he wasn't 7. He trusted me to take care of her though, so he didn't make a huge deal out of it. We had decided to set up the 1 tree first, and go from 7. We both had 3, so just about everything on the tree was shiny. Tinsels, ornaments, pictures, 14 name it. It took about twenty minutes to get everything set up, not including the time it took to unpack all the decorations. It looked magnificent when we were done. I'd help make some pretty 12 looking trees, but this was by far the best. I was proud of our work. I didn't have much in my life to appreciate, so this was one of those things that normally wouldn't matter, but suddenly became really important. We admired our work for a few minutes and then went down to the den. 2 got on the 4 to talk to 1 for a bit, while texted my girlfriend. I was in the process of preparing myself to break up with her. 3 and I had been together for most of my sophomore year, and I was beginning to regret it. Our relationship had started when one of my buddies, 4, and hers ended. I know this sounds bad, but I really didn't want to be with her at first. I was putting myself between 4 and her so that they would stop fighting so much. Now I was starting to see why he broke up with her in the first place. 6 was like a bad drug that got 14 really high, and then dropped 14 like a rock. 6 was extremely controlling. 6 wasn't 12 for me, and 2 had finally convinced me that enough was enough. After I broke up with 3, I felt both happy, and depressed. I was happy that I could be free, but I was depressed because I felt so alone. I'd never been 12 at getting close to people, so this was hard for me to do. Seeing me so roughed up didn't sit well with 2. 6 knew me much better then most people, so 6 knew that I needed help quick. 6 did something so subtle, that to most it would have seemed unimportant. 6 took one look at me, got up from the computer, and gave me a long hug. At first I didn't think it was a 12 idea. Her boyfriend was very protective of 2. He didn't like guys getting close to her, under any circumstances. "5 14 please just try to relax for a minute? Your making me nervous." 6 said in that tone that meant it was more of an order then a question. Maybe it was the fact that I was in such a bad mood that this seemed like the funniest thing in the world to me. I started laughing really hard. "7. That wasn't so hard, was it?" 8 6 pulled away from the embrace, I kissed forehead; our way of saying "your beautiful." "9 14 going to be okay?" 6 asked in a worried voice. "11, I'll be fine. Thanks 2." "12. 14 never showed me that guitar thing." "13 guitar thing?" "14 said 14 played guitar." 15 then I realized that I might not ever get another friend 8 12 8 this one. "16 11. Come on. I'll show 14 how to play 17 man."
