 The comfort of a laugh. Many different kinds of comfort can come from a laugh. My story is the comfort of love. 6 i was a young and foolish teen. (1 wait that's what i would still be today.) A few days ago my friend 2 had me laughing so hard, and all because 5 slipped up while meeting my mother. (2 was nerves to meet my mother.) For some reason 6 i started to laugh 5 suddenly began to act as if every thing was fine, and that there was nothing to be nerves about. 7 latter 6 we went for our walk i asked him about it. I simply said "4 did your mood change 6 i began to laugh?" 5 smiled and replied "6 you laugh i feel calm and know that i am going to be alright." 7 myself being a typical teen girl i blushed, 7 quickly changed topics, while trying not to make eye contact. Suddenly i could not help my self. The feeling of his eyes on my cheek was over powering my will to not look. Turning my head slowly, sure enough there 5 was starring straight back in to my eyes, his eyes were wonderful they reminded me of sunflowers with a blue sky behind them. As 5 stared back i got a feeling as if 5 were trying to unlock all that i am, and all that i know with his eyes. As if 5 could see straight to my soul. Quickly I turned away. With a soft and almost beautiful voice 5 let a little laugh out. This laugh was as sweet to my ears, as nectar is to a hummingbird. The next few days where hard. All i could think about was that walk. People must have thought i was crazy, every time i would remember the walk, each time i would remember his laugh. 7 let a laugh of my own out. 7 i realized that laughter plays a big role in every ones life. For me i laugh 6 I'm with the people i love. For some its watching t.v. that they find amusing, or maybe there kids did some thing rather silly. So silly you had to tell your book club. The point is that laughter is every where. Laughter is never a bad thing in fact it has been proven that laughter has a lot of health benefits. Some people don't get it. Laughter is not some thing to be ashamed of ether, if some one laughs at you just laugh with them. Its not laughter that starts wars. its not laughter that kills people. its people who chose not to fill there lives with the joy of laughter. So here is the goal. laughter can also be very contagious. So try and 8 a laugh on. Do some thing that 6 people remember it they will start there own laughs. Laughter-8 it on!
