 Laughing at 1 bell. 11 best friend and I have a lot of funny, hilarious memories together. We are always laughing about something even if 7's something completely stupid or actually really funny. We laugh at things like people that look funny, or people that say stupid things. Also we laugh at funny things we do. 8 one thing that has always stuck to 11 head, the time at 1 bell. One day after school, me and 11 best friend 1 decided to go across the street from our school and eat lunch at 1 bell. We ordered our food and went to sit down and wait for 7. A few minuets later our food was ready and we sat down to eat 7. "4" I said to 1 as i took a bite of 11 5 five layer burrito. "6"7 was really hot and burned 11 mouth. I had to wait for a few minuets to eat 11 burrito. So we both just sat, waiting for our burritos to cool off, an talked about school and other things that was going on with our lives. A couple minuets later a man walked in, he was about 1 or 2 years old, and he had his back against us so we couldn't see his face. The man ordered his food and turned around to take a seat. Meanwhile I thought 11 burrito was cooled down enough and i went to take a bite, at the same time the man looked at us and he was wearing a clown mask and he had a little dog with a tiara on his head. Next thing i knew 11 burrito was coming out of 11 mouth and I was dieing of laughter. 11 burrito was spit completely out of 11 mouth, and all over me an 1. All over 11 hair, mouth, clothes, and all over the table. I was so embarrassed that i couldn't help 8 to laugh. I think the main reason i was laughing so hard was because the man was just so scary looking, 8 wow we were laughing for what seemed like an hour straight. You might think this was the end of 11 bad day, 8 7 only gets worse. Eating 11 burrito seemed forever, because we were laughing forever. 7 probable took me a good ten minutes to eat a single burrito. Meanwhile i got thirsty and needed something to drink. So I went to order a small drink and get some 10. As i was returning to 11 table i wasn't looking and ran into a man that was in line. I almost spilled 11 10 8 luckily I didn't. Returning to 11 seat i was talking to 1 about how bad 11 day was, and how 7 couldn't get any worse. Then i took a drink an I started to choke on 11 10, 7 was so bad that i spit everything out onto 1, 10 went flying everywhere, 7 even came out of 11 noes. So i went into the bathroom, and cleaned 11 self up, caught 11 breath, and told 1 i was ready to go home. When i look back and think about the day at 1 bell with 11 best friend, I not only think about how embarrassing 7 was for me and her, 8 also that 7 was a really great, hilarious memory that i will probably remember for the rest of 11 life. As i said before 11 best friend and I have a lot of funny memories together, and still we are making more everyday.
