 As I remember back, it was 1. It was a hot, humid day. I can remember that day like it was yesterday. I woke up that morning and decided I was going to go swimming. But the only problem was I had no one to go with me, and 2 attitude was turning for the worst. The day 1 off fairly well for the most part. I called around to all 2 friends to see what they were doing for that particular day, but as I went down 2 friend line everyone seemed to be to busy to go anywhere with me. I was most certainly bummed. 2 happy go lucky attitude turned into the dumps really fast. The only thing that was left for me to do was use 2 back up plan, 2 aunt. We gathered our swimming gear, blankets, tanning lotion, and ourselves and packed it in the back of the van and headed towards 1. I was really not in the best of moods, and it seemed that everyone that was around me was turning into a grump as well. Totally bummed that all of 2 friends had ditched me and left me to hang with 2 aunt all day wasn't 2 explanation of fun, sorry enough to say, but it wasn't. As the day went on the more I thought about 2 friends the more I got frustrated. Then finally it came to me, why let their stupidity of ditching (the best thing that had happened to them) me, ruin 2 day. I 1 laughing and having a grand time, and pretty soon, in all reality forgot why was having a bad day. When we got to our swimming hole, I looked around and noticed that everything was well. Everyone there was having fun. So I 1 to loosen up and have a good time. Jumping off rocks, making a fool of myself, laughing, and having a good time. We spent the whole day enjoying with what we had. When I got home and I had realized what an awesome day 2 day had turned out to be, I realized that I shouldn't let 2 friends get me down. Laughing and having a good time can make any day turn around for the best. The most important lesson that I have learned from 2 experience that day, is to make the best out of each situation. Don't let crushed plans crush your self confidence. Put a smile on your face and turn your frown upside down and laugh. laughter makes life better.
