 My best friend is probably my brother, 2. It was in the middle of 1 and we were sitting outside on top of the wooden table in our mother's backyard. 2 started telling me how much he wanted to be done with high school and that he was, "just done with all this." I sat there listening attentively for maybe thirty minutes as 2 poured his heart out, and nearly broke mine with how distressed he was. 2's best friend, 1, had just told 2 that 1 he went out with the girl 2 liked, then their friendship was over. 2 was extremely hurt by this betrayal added on top of how he was afraid of getting kicked out of school because of his grades, and the amount of pressure coming from our parents at the time, was simply too much for seventeen year old 2 to handle. I talked to 2 for at least another half hour after that about what I thought he should do, at the end of our heart to heart talk I told 2 that, "1 you don't get it together and start geting good grades, their going to kick you out of school, 2. Honestly, 1 that happens I'm going to be really mad at you; becaus the only person 2 and 3 are going to have to nag on is me." We both laughed quietly for a minute, paused, and laughed until we cried. I don't know to this day what was so funny, maybe how serious everything was when we were just kids or 1 it was simply a release of stress and anxiety for both of us. My tiny, little, lame joke that I dropped at the end of our talk just made it all seem okay, made us think about how young we are, how minor so many of these problems were in the grand scheme of life. That inital laughter made is possible for us to simply let go. After this happened 2 and I went on with our lives as 1 this had never happened, never speaking of it. Except that 2 never got a bad grade in the rest of his high school career, he chose his friend over a chance at the girl but found another girl who has 1's approval. Was it laughter that helped 2 get through this difficult time? I couldn't say, but what I do know is that there was laughter there and 2 did what he needed to do.
