 A few years ago, when I was 1, I decided to do an experiment on laughing and the color of the clothes people wear. I realized that I laughed a lot and I was almost always happy because of 11, I did really 1 in school, and I also had a very 'up' attitude. 6 clothes were all very bright and 'happy' colors. I had a theory that the less someone laughed, and the darker colored clothes they wore, would make their mood and attitude would dip. The experiment would last one week, and in that time I would try 7 to laugh and gradually start wearing darker and darker clothes until I got to black, to see how I would be affected, if affected at all. To get started, I had to first tell everyone what I was doing and ask them to try 7 to make me laugh on purpose. Then I had to go to the store and get new clothes that had no bright colors on them. That was the hardest part because I saw a lot of cute clothes, but they were too colorful. After that i only had to wait for the 2 to end and 3 to begin. 3 1 I woke up and did 6 usual daily routine, then tried on 6 new clothes. When I got to school, I noticed the surprised looks from 6 classmates 2 they took in 6 outfit. 11 was pretty tough 7 to laugh at some of their expressions but I couldn't, because that would ruin what I was trying to accomplish. Throughout the day, I got comments on 6 clothing, and some of 6 teachers were worried because I wasn't laughing 2 usual but when I told them of 6 experiment, they understood and said, "1 luck." 2 the day came to an end, I was satisfied with 6 success and quickly fell asleep. The next two days went pretty much the same, and I was wondering if 6 theory would be proven wrong. But on 1 1 6 mom pointed out that I seemed different. "3 4 okay?" she asked. "4 don't seem 2 energetic 1, and your 7 smiling at all. Your 7 sick 3 4?" I told her that I was fine. At school, I was asked the same thing, and after a while 11 got really annoying. I got mad and yelled at them, which I never do, and they apologized. But I felt bad and told them I was sorry and they forgave me, telling me 11 was probably just the experiment. I got a little happier at the thought that 6 theory might just be correct. That day went by slowly, and I was glad when 11 ended. 4 was the last day of 6 experiment and for that I was happy. I didn't mind the dark clothes and I liked the way they looked on me, but 11 was hard 7 laughing, and 11 was starting to make me feel depressed. That day I decided to wear some of 6 bright clothes to see if 11 would change anything, and when I got to school some of 6 friends didn't recognize me because they got used to seeing me in 6 other clothes. I didn't feel any different from when I wore 6 dark clothes. In 5 I had to stand in front of the class to give 6 conclusion. "6 theory has been proven semi-correct," I stated. "7 laughing did have an effect on 6 mood and attitude. I was yelling at 6 friends and feeling sad when I shouldn't have. But I found that wearing dark clothing didn't change anything." 6 teacher then said something so funny that I couldn't help but laugh, and everyone applauded and said, "9 back 10!" 11 feels really 1 to laugh again.
