 Fourth period, freshman year was the highlight of my entire freshman year. 1 was what most people called him, but I simply called him, 1. So I'll start off with the first semester of ninth grade with physical science, fourth period. I had the first term with my best friend, 1, 12 we got to choose our seats, so we sat next to each other in the back, right hand corner of the classroom. We sat there so we could get away with more, like passing notes 12 talking during class. So one day, while we were passing the notebook of notes, I most have written something that embarrassed her. So I went to grab something out of my backpack, 12 she took advantage of the situation. So next thing I knew, I was being shoved out of my desk, onto my backpack, on my back. The class got quiet, for he was giving us notes 12 showing us how to do the assignment. So as we erupted into fits o laughter, I looked at him to see if he was very angry 12 if he was going to send us outside of the classroom to talk to us. But all 1 did was look at us, shake his head, laugh a little to himself, 12 begin talking again. So, we kept laughing, but we were trying to settle down 12 stop ourselves from laughing. In the second term, 1 was 10 in there with me, but I had my friend 3-4, 5.5, 12 2. i was even closer to 1 then in the first term. So, one day he was teaching us about compounds. So while he was writing down a chart to help us study, he sang out, "7 play the 8 9!" 10 even seconds later, the class burst with laughter, even he had to stop from writing he was laughing so hard. It took us about ten minutes to settle down 12 stop laughing. Another part of the second term that was a fun 12 a good laugh was doing some example problems on our own. So one of my classmates, 2, asked what should we do to tell him we are finished with the problems. So 1 thought for a few moments, 12 said, "11 you finish your problems, cluck like a chicken for me." 12 about five minutes afterwords, people started clucking like chickens. 12 with that, my friends brought up the fact that I own chickens. But as more people were finishing their problems, it was getting annoying. It was hilarious at first though. Then there was 13 14. We had just a regular classroom, 10 a science 13, so we were unable to do to many experiments. So 15, the other science teacher let us borrow her classroom for an entire school 14, being as her class had an online report to do. 1 banned me from using the matches, because his nickname for me was 16-17. Then on the final day, he broke about 1 to a dozen glass test tubes. 11 this happened, i was almost complete with my packet we had to do for the 14. So I went over to him while he was cleaning up, 12 I asked what happened. He told me, my classmate broke a bunch of glass test tubes by dropping them. But he looked at me 11 he did so. So 11 I looked at him, he started laughing. Which gave his cover away, so i got after him 12 told him 10 to blame the children for things he did. especially for breaking the test tubes. There was also the one time I went into his 18 class to do some homework. My friend wanted me to be there for one day, because she lvoed the class so much. So my guitar lessons teacher allowed me to spend fifth period in that class. So, 11 he was done giving notes 12 giving the class their assignment for the day. Some friends of 3 19 called him over for a question. So I looked up from my drawing. By then he was already over to them. So they asked him if he was a swimmer, he replied he did swim. So then they asked if he shaved his legs because he was a swimmer. I think he got embaressed, so he said to come after class 12 ask personal questions. So they just wanted a yes or no, so he explained, for about five minutes, that they shouldn't waste classtime for silly 12 personal question about him. I thought the entire time, "20 doesn't he just say yes or no?" 21 were fun times that I will never forget 12 tell the day I die. No class, or science class will ever replace fourth period physical science. Nor any teacher replace 1, he is 12 always will be my favorite teacher. I will forever remember the days of every phsycial science class, because of that one simple teacher.
